Timothy Sackton: We open tonight.
Timothy Sackton: room the walls doll read sends down the floor bear the only light from a small window and for flickering torches in wall sconces.
Timothy Sackton: A few chairs are arranged in a rough circle around a small table.
Timothy Sackton: on the table a map has unfurled and small illusionary figures of nodes are standing to mark sightings and movements of armies directed by seeker who is this close to inventing battle maps for his legendary stealth and cancer and.
Timothy Sackton: Earlier this morning you all reach care what after weeks journey across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: Finding the town in shambles many of the most notable landmarks the caravan Sir I a crumbs place the block of apartments and chops were done with lift.
Timothy Sackton: Even the temple of the five siblings or partially or completely destroyed still standing largely things to seekers defenses and timely intervention of the Center ours is the temple of show Khun re are you studying now.
Timothy Sackton: it's been just about a month since you met in Kerala before the festival of rebirth before the noles before the evacuation and it's been quite an eventful month.
Timothy Sackton: First, the journey to the unnamed for it in the east past go matt were some evil from the great war against Butler seemingly.
Timothy Sackton: awoken or disturbed maybe somehow by them now petrified archivists of the society of the open scroll, then the knoll attacks on carwash.
Timothy Sackton: And the journey with risk when North to ravens hold finding their a demon someone from the best and another open school adventure captive being questioned about ancient artifacts by the servants of a mysterious woman, I gotta dust mother.
Timothy Sackton: From there finally to the storm tower where the giant Hawk I was in prisons long ago by train Korean magic and recently driven both awake and matt by presumably a group of open school adventures one of who paved with their life for their actions.
Timothy Sackton: Now you're back in Cairo discussing the situation and contemplating your next move.
Timothy Sackton: But when I got to dust mother and the society of the open school steam determined to find and recover last magic hayden across the plains, but for what purpose is not yet clear.
Timothy Sackton: Dan just don't work on the borders have done more with the magical protections of Chicago and mysterious will be withdrawn.
Timothy Sackton: far to the West, the eyes of frog are being carried presumably as far as you know, towards chart and, although, whether for study protection or some more nefarious purpose.
Timothy Sackton: is not yet known to you.
Timothy Sackton: And in the shadows a strange entity communicates are radically and confusingly with Dallas well somewhere in the wilderness the order of the awakened soul male the secret to Kansas dreams.
Timothy Sackton: And before we pick up again, this is the moment to pause to sort of recap anything that you are trying to remember about the past events.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are the awakened scroll they are the chart integrate library people.
Timothy Sackton: That own society of the open school is the charting great library order of the awakened soul is the.
Timothy Sackton: The the people who supposedly are somehow connected to Kansas dreams and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With that does anybody else know that or is that just weekends is.
Eric Rosenbaum: news to me.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, maybe that was just what can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You keep like let me know or just point me to a Doc if this is written familiar i'm just like trying to remember what what what is going on.
here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I do remember at the end of the last session you guys were all getting sleepy but I was on though i'm not because i'm on the west coast, I was awake and I was getting really excited because of the map like if, like I had I had, I asked secret to make like the 3D map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you're all like mapping the know movements traffic.
Mike Sackton: Is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where the noise around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then I figure out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then try to like understand like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If there are other sources.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of like where there are other kind of Raven holds like places that we're kind of you know, sources of knowles and kind of portals to the undead you know, because they are they being someone from these other other locations.
Mike Sackton: We we did the whole thing with the mirror to and we saw that like devil create the scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, but the like metal detectors.
Timothy Sackton: they're still on the road 20 map if you log in through 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: need to look at the new electors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, exactly.
Timothy Sackton: they're all the red lines.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, and then the other thing was that, because a lush like when she was riding around like actually found like a weird.
Mike Sackton: house anyways yeah I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was like oh and it's like that seems like I got like it's like that seems like one of the most obvious places we should go next is to go like investigate wherever the Fuck that is.
Rev. David (he/him): So, was it the green.on the map.
Mike Sackton: yeah that was near.
Timothy Sackton: Know there's two things.
Timothy Sackton: Two things out the mountain the red.is the approximate location of the empty stone house the green.is where the old woman of the dust supposedly lives.
Mike Sackton: And they supposedly.
Mike Sackton: Were on this map was the city gallops.
Mike Sackton: appeared in.
Oh yeah that's.
Timothy Sackton: right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: You said you.
Mike Sackton: And that's where the bad people aren't coming from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: potential.
Mike Sackton: But no vectors those red wines or knowles.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah no.
No definitely.
Rev. David (he/him): Definitely.
Rev. David (he/him): This is sort of thing and no one's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looking at the map, where you're ready to deal with come on emerged from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A tower right.
Mike Sackton: See those red wines have knowles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Factor yeah.
Mike Sackton: So we go to here to here to here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then the charge.
Eric Rosenbaum: On word East into the plugins.
Mike Sackton: And then go to one of these big circles and get plague.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean our luck with giant mysterious magic storms has been good, and there was only 100 times the size of the last one.
Mike Sackton: What do we like we might it might be worth having a brief conversation about you know.
Mike Sackton: goals here.
Mike Sackton: Like are we trying to figure out why should Kuhn has abandoned the than Mari.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're real after here that's a great question.
Mike Sackton: Like I mean it sounds fun to go wander into the desert.
Mike Sackton: That go to some dots on the map.
Timothy Sackton: But I do want to do this.
Mike Sackton: In character yeah in character.
Timothy Sackton: Right now you're sitting with a lash and kendra.
Timothy Sackton: So let's sort of pick it up.
Mike Sackton: We just told our story of what we've been up to.
Timothy Sackton: i'll just yes, I mean we don't have to role play.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it seems a little excessive right so so a lash had just told you about that's the scouting and can dress it was just speaking about the old woman of the.
Mike Sackton: end.
Timothy Sackton: Of the dadaists.
Mike Sackton: remind me can dress as the head magic order dude.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So picking back up back in the bedroom can Rossa, who is the speaker of Chicago in the leader, or at least the public face of the Chicago and Miss die.
Timothy Sackton: looks haggard and exhausted he's a man in his prime a striking figure with dark skin neat short crop curly hair where again oka rope trimmed and silver, but now he looks nervous his eyes bloodshot has hair a mass seemingly exhausted and not having slept in a week, possibly.
Timothy Sackton: could be explained by being besieged by knowles but there seems to be a lot on his mind.
Timothy Sackton: he's just finished speaking about the old woman of the dusts an old woman who lives on the edge of the arm Java desert and supposedly can solve problems of magic that no one else can, but always requiring a painful cost an exchange.
Timothy Sackton: Also sitting in the room.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you could just ask her to solve all the problems.
Timothy Sackton: She probably just asked for your eye or something.
Timothy Sackton: Next to him is Alaska young deeply 10 women.
Timothy Sackton: In her early 20s normally constantly moving unable to stand still full of nervous energy and optimism, but can dress a story of the old woman of dust seem to have quiet heard her for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And she's standing by looking slightly shocked the four of you have just finished updating the the two of them election kendra about your journey North about the events at raven's holds the.
Timothy Sackton: Your journey to the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Your what you've learned of the knowles and their connection to the demon that you killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually um because we were sort of in the middle of role playing all of that, the telling them stuff because actually there's a part of me, that is not sure if we would tell them everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, you know it's like did we want to tell them everything about the giant, and you know.
Timothy Sackton: I am totally happy to.
Timothy Sackton: To just jump back into that conversation that would be fun, for me, but it's up to you guys how much, what do you want to.
Timothy Sackton: get to.
Rev. David (he/him): I think will be trust them kind of implicitly I don't I don't think he would hold back, but I think he also wouldn't.
Rev. David (he/him): He also wouldn't hold back sharing a variety of wild and negative opinions about the church Tony and see there.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does anybody else okay good secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret gets kind of like lost in like wow all these interesting details, let me tell you about it, without really thinking about like who ought to know what and why right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, all right yeah I mean I guess it's just you know, would we have told them about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the details about the giant and the storm and I actually I think we should role play that because i'd be curious to hear like what their reaction is to that.
mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So also I can imagine being a little more secretive thing.
Mike Sackton: yeah tell us would be is not talent is not gonna would not take the lead and telling the story.
Mike Sackton: he's more listening and.
Would.
Mike Sackton: Possibly step in if write something seemed but he is more like a quiet presence in the background than the storyteller.
Eric Rosenbaum: All that stuff you dug up in the library in the Tower to we might not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly that's what i'm saying so, you should like let's play it out let's role play it out and kind of you know we'll see how they react to different parts of the story.
Timothy Sackton: I really like.
Rev. David (he/him): kenzo like growing up streetwise and charging like is is much more tuned to all of that stuff and like automatically everybody here some things that happen.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, but let's say them as.
Timothy Sackton: kendra to finish the story of the old woman of the dots.
Timothy Sackton: And, alas, has pretty much wrapped up her scattering report about kendra's to turns to you and says so, what news, do you bring up the north, where did you find there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, sorry, can we roll back just I know we did this, but in control so say once more about the mother and the like, I want to like you guys were kind of sleeping like once beat one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, I think we should we should actually have like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a major plot point I think we should.
Timothy Sackton: wake.
Timothy Sackton: Up it's all about.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So good details there.
Timothy Sackton: Right so kendra said begin speaking about the the old woman of to dos and he says.
Timothy Sackton: There is somebody.
Timothy Sackton: Who rumor says lives on the edge of the desert, an old woman people refer to her, as the old woman of the dusts she is not.
Timothy Sackton: She is old nobody knows quite how old and she.
Timothy Sackton: She is the sort of creature human maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Who one does not turn to accept in desperation.
Timothy Sackton: She is said to have powerful magic magic that can.
Timothy Sackton: cure disease that can heal wounds that can.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps even restore the dead.
Timothy Sackton: But the cost that she she extracts for these services is always.
Timothy Sackton: Great greater than it seems.
Timothy Sackton: There is a story i've heard of a man of of Kerala who whose child was very ill beyond the power of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the shock when Mr to cure we're not sure what was wrong with him and he was desperate in and he said.
Timothy Sackton: What could be the worst that would happen and i'll ask the old woman for help.
Timothy Sackton: So journey it out into the desert.
Timothy Sackton: And she said yes.
Timothy Sackton: Give your child this potion and she will be healed.
Timothy Sackton: But I need something from you.
Timothy Sackton: give me your hand.
Timothy Sackton: And he did, and she took his thumb.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps this seemed to fair trade for the life of his child.
Timothy Sackton: Many would make the same trade until.
Timothy Sackton: years later.
Timothy Sackton: He stopped being able to sleep for every night he would.
Timothy Sackton: fall into nightmares.
Timothy Sackton: Of the creature that was using his thumb now.
Timothy Sackton: using it to.
Timothy Sackton: kill to commit.
Timothy Sackton: evil.
Timothy Sackton: and eventually.
Timothy Sackton: He took his life.
Timothy Sackton: This is her magic this is.
Timothy Sackton: This is not a trade that the sensible one, rational person makes.
Timothy Sackton: misery and pain drawn out over the years, probably ending in depth anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: To question.
Eric Rosenbaum: I seem to recall something they mentioned in another context about a form of magic that's powered by sacrifice.
Eric Rosenbaum: That maybe that is related to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: The abyss, like the hell magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: But to.
Eric Rosenbaum: know anything about that.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, making our kind of check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: We went to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was that.
Timothy Sackton: Are you're rolling with.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's weird.
Timothy Sackton: you're rolling with advantage, or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have to know why though oh there's a little arrow next to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We knew what turn that on.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The goggles.
Timothy Sackton: goggles but they only give you an advantage when you're when you're trying to remember stuff about objects.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't turn it off.
Timothy Sackton: If you click if you hold shift when you roll, I think it will make it.
Timothy Sackton: it'll change it from advantage to normal.
Timothy Sackton: I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow all three of those roles are amazing, except for the first one, which is presumably the one.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: that's weird, why is that, why does that not work.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, not shift.
Timothy Sackton: Its control shift makes it super advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Control to counteract advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: neurosis right clicking.
Timothy Sackton: If you hold control when before you ball because normally you can change it.
Eric Rosenbaum: What else it makes it right click.
Mike Sackton: All to.
Rev. David (he/him): Just roll with it advantage and take the first one.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah you can.
Get.
Timothy Sackton: In any case, yes, you ah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's lots of strange sorts of magic in the world for sure.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're most familiar with like you know brew Nick magic obviously and and sort of to earvin magic and sacrifice is a little bit like blood magic sacrifice magic derived from sacrifices, a little bit far afield of of your experiences generally seen as as.
Timothy Sackton: You know much more.
Timothy Sackton: Morally fraught than like what you're used to.
Eric Rosenbaum: me is that weird stuff that little brother was getting into.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it does remind you of that a little bit.
Mike Sackton: How long have stories of her been told.
Timothy Sackton: Many, many years.
Mike Sackton: Some the shield.
Mike Sackton: In your childhood.
Mike Sackton: has she always been there and always been old.
Timothy Sackton: she's not always been there.
Timothy Sackton: She.
Timothy Sackton: And he stops for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think i'm revealing any.
Timothy Sackton: Great secrets if I tell you that the.
Timothy Sackton: Miss die of Chicago and have been here in Kerala from since before the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: Some time before the Great War, in fact.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: As far as the stories and tales and records.
Timothy Sackton: of our order say there is no reports, there is no rumors there is no mention that all of her in any.
Timothy Sackton: Oral or written histories from before the war.
Mike Sackton: Have any of them is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: H with her.
Mike Sackton: I mean did he say did he did I miss it did he say yes, she was she was old in his childhood or.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, she was out in his job.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But not going back before the war.
Timothy Sackton: As far as as far as we know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then even the Mr engaged with her.
Timothy Sackton: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We would not do such a thing this tale that you shared of this this this farmer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there any other tales like this.
Timothy Sackton: I am sure there are others, if you would hear if you talk to.
Timothy Sackton: The people of Kerala she is not.
Timothy Sackton: She is not spoken of often.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These are the less you know, the last time anybody spoken to her.
Timothy Sackton: I just mean people are superstitious people don't want to draw her attention if they don't need her.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: I have not.
Timothy Sackton: I did not, I have not gone around.
Timothy Sackton: querying the people of the town, I only hear what people bring to me.
Timothy Sackton: If there were still people in Kerala you could.
Timothy Sackton: I am sure.
cautiously.
Timothy Sackton: Ask around and and people would know.
I turned to alexa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In your travels have you heard have you heard tales of this this woman.
Timothy Sackton: she's her face is sort of Pal and.
Timothy Sackton: Now that.
Timothy Sackton: sounds horrible.
Timothy Sackton: I don't go in for.
Timothy Sackton: Dangerous esoteric magic give me a good, solid cavalry charges against the orcs because of the tales, I listened to.
Timothy Sackton: I had not heard this story until now and I hope not to hear more of her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is the reason the reason I asked why why this question, I think, is so important for for all of us and most unfolding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If her magic deals in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exchanges of objects magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of either power or other types of blood ritual.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It seems that there may be there may be some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That are actively engaged in a deal with her now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we were in the north, when we were in ravens whole this was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This was a name that was uttered.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we can say more about what we found there but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It seems as though, and none of us have heard of a gods like dust mother before but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We did we did encounter several several entities in search of magic items in search of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Different objects that it seems, maybe a part of a trade or some type of agreement that either is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In place now, or perhaps were seeing some of the consequences of an have such an agreement being played out before our eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: musketeers still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unclear does but.
Mike Sackton: For my me that did the jackal ways, and this is out of character, but the jackal weights and other people like that, where they it seemed like they were working for a goddess mother it's not what well let's go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is the tricky part right when we rescued Viola Viola was captured by those doppelganger like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like you know the orc doppelganger people, and we were it wasn't clear what the relationship between those that those captors of Ola where with the noles.
Mike Sackton: Right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're asking you're asking a whole bunch of questions about it, like didn't and and then there was that weird like you know the the fucking flying thing that was like kind of just like watching the noles right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we didn't quite figure out the relationship between the knowles and the the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doppelganger guy right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it seemed like they were like cool with each other, it wasn't like it wasn't like there was like a like it, you know because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The doppelganger people had been living in that that keep thing for like a while like so it seems like you know it didn't seem like they were hiding or like but.
Mike Sackton: Were they.
Mike Sackton: weren't they supposed to bring Villa to a got to dust mother.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that's what valets said was that.
Timothy Sackton: They were they were waiting until they could confirm that the ritual was complete and then they were going to take her to a goddess.
Rev. David (he/him): she's in the green.on the map.
Timothy Sackton: This is where people say.
Mike Sackton: The green.of the darkness, the.
Timothy Sackton: green dot yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, what other questions is I gotta at done Mari name.
Eric Rosenbaum: ooh.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Mike Sackton: Any.
Mike Sackton: What kind of name is there any do we mean is it a particular.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great question it.
Mike Sackton: Is it a Korean is it is it just to nose.
Timothy Sackton: And it doesn't know it doesn't seem like either a.
Timothy Sackton: it's doesn't seem Alvin drink Korean or chardon yen or dwarf and or some bar and or half fling.
Timothy Sackton: it's not a name that has a.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't.
Mike Sackton: yeah it's not a nice like if.
Mike Sackton: Somebody said their name was I got.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, exactly you can't place it easily within any particular culture that you're aware of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Addressing this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's part of a longer a longer episode, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We believe that a golf does mother is is a key is playing a key role in the mayhem that's unfolding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our ability to learn more about her her origins for location.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, is really important to to what's unfolding right now.
Timothy Sackton: I got you say.
Timothy Sackton: A godson Yes, this is, this is not a name I have heard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See.
Timothy Sackton: The dust mother, I can see old woman of the dust the dust mother.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps some have referred to her as that but I gotta.
Timothy Sackton: Why do you call her by this name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Part of our journey North when we went to ravens fold we uncovered we discovered a number of things there some I think that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: helped to reveal more of what's occurred and some that again I think are just adding to our confusion, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we went North we tracked the noles there and part of what we uncovered at ravens whole was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beasts demons from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another plane clearly engaged in some kind of summoning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now we also found and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hands or gestures to the companions and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please, please a film and if i've missed something here but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We believe we saw we saw some type of ritual be performed by these demons are not sure exactly the nature of the ritual but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It has some relation with lead to the knowles and perhaps even some type of a creation ceremony for how these goals for being being fabricated in this this this plane.
Mike Sackton: It certainly seemed like.
Mike Sackton: They had pens of hyenas.
Mike Sackton: Yes, and a pile of dead body dead is in a demon creature was standing over them seemed like it was going to turn them into novels.
Mike Sackton: till we killed it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wasn't the only strange thing that we saw there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you engaged with doppelgangers before us, they can change their shape their.
Mike Sackton: printer.
Mike Sackton: All the room I were they like more like well like where creature like turning from Jackals I thought they were jackal where's for some reason.
Timothy Sackton: They were.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seemed to me.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, they were they were they were.
Mike Sackton: They could like turn into.
Timothy Sackton: Human.
Timothy Sackton: Normal looking people who turned into like human jackal hybrids basically.
Mike Sackton: But they weren't like they could shape shift into anything.
Timothy Sackton: That no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, it was their works.
Timothy Sackton: too, because I wasn't yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was also at least one or.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there was an Arc and there were the two.
Mike Sackton: charge Jackals shape shift.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or was just the orc just an orc.
Timothy Sackton: know the Ark was just an Arc.
Mike Sackton: forgotten about the work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that was the only.
Mike Sackton: worked, I was in that's kind of unusual to see.
Mike Sackton: One work all by itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's i'm saying it was the only work there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the whole rest of the squad right, it was not work to jackal where's and then.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I only know this because TIM and I spent like the last two weeks, making up the origins of all the evil racist together but.
Mike Sackton: It turns out it's unusual the orcs by themselves.
Timothy Sackton: Dallas would know that for sure.
Mike Sackton: With we definitely know that yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another shape changer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we snark.
Mike Sackton: I mean back in character.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The back let's go back and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: said yeah we can cancel continue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah So in addition to these demons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we first arrived and by stealth tried to uncover what was happening inside to keep in addition to discovering the demons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We found a cardone who was there Viola is her name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She was being held captive by an orc and to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: creatures capable capable of changing shape cable changing form from human to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A jackal like beast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we were able to rescue the chardon Ian.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, strangely, and this is where we heard the captors of the onion say that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or sorry the tried tried to try to Indian recounted us that the captors we're trying to bring her to a goddess mother and the char Damien was also in search of items as we're work and the shape shifters so.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, when we're out again question did we confirm that they were also there hunting for the dragon the legendary horde.
Mike Sackton: Or is that just a theory.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Like where the origin of the shape shifters.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, you have no theory yet.
Timothy Sackton: So volek I told you that she had gone there because there were these rumors of this right hi Mary had layered it but.
Mike Sackton: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have no idea why the Oregon the general.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly exactly so.
Timothy Sackton: Make sure the ritual happened with all that full but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but they were also looking for items right because that's why they captured Bola.
Timothy Sackton: Because they weren't trying to get they were trying to get her to give them information about what she and other.
She had fact.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were also looking for items and they seem to be in service or either in with some type of parlay with a goddess mother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, right so so okay so back in character.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, can dress up the goddess mother feels like a central character in this somehow that they are there may be some type of an agreement already.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the cardone and was caught up in this because they were looking for for for items as the target audience and do and kenzo kind of like glances at welby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, so the the nature of a goddess mother feels important to the somehow and the other strange thing that we were not able to uncover.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was the relationship between a gotta and the shape shifters and then the notes and the demon were they in the are they a faction together they didn't seem in conflict.
Mike Sackton: And they.
Mike Sackton: did seem to be checking on the ritual, or at least yes.
Mike Sackton: The chart odeon did say that they were waiting to make sure the ritual happen.
Mike Sackton: Before taking her off back to a got that it was quite it's quite unusual to see one orc like that working for others.
Mike Sackton: Something.
Mike Sackton: And Kenny, but the whole place.
Mike Sackton: Not to mention the the demon in the water.
Mike Sackton: That seemed to be the source of a lot of the.
Mike Sackton: curse of the place.
Mike Sackton: It does seem who, it does seem that.
Mike Sackton: These.
Mike Sackton: The knoll seems what when was the what was the town attacked.
Timothy Sackton: about a week ago, a little more.
Mike Sackton: So where were we a week ago.
Timothy Sackton: You were.
Timothy Sackton: Leaving the tower.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit before would have been when you are leaving ravens hold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: draw so what's your reaction to this.
Timothy Sackton: This is.
Timothy Sackton: This is terrible.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You know I know what we can do against against demons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard of demons before have you heard of these types of things, these rituals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are the she couldn't have any experience with Stephen matter.
Mike Sackton: The demons died when we struck them with blades that we're not.
Mike Sackton: we're not undefeatable.
Timothy Sackton: There was.
Timothy Sackton: A relief I guess.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: Was ravens hold traditionally inside chickens boundaries.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Outside this.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, yes.
Timothy Sackton: inside it was inside chickens bankers.
Rev. David (he/him): don't think we should go talk to the old woman of the dust and if the past track record holds we should go rescue the Chair don't Ian she's captured.
Eric Rosenbaum: Every day remains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can can dress it with demons what have you heard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard of any of anything like this, these some of these these rituals what, what can you tell us.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: there's much one could say about demons how much do you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does any of this sounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: relevance or something that's happened in the past or connected to any lore or have any have any of the list, I experienced or seen anything like this recently.
Timothy Sackton: Recently, no, I mean demons are.
With.
Mike Sackton: contracts that would would they be working on their own.
Mike Sackton: or would they be controlled and ordered from somewhere else.
humans.
Timothy Sackton: All I can say is.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I can speak some.
Timothy Sackton: Of.
Timothy Sackton: How power crosses among realities and.
Timothy Sackton: demons.
Timothy Sackton: For all their.
Timothy Sackton: terror.
Timothy Sackton: have very little ability to reach into this world, for which we think the gods continually.
Timothy Sackton: There must be.
Timothy Sackton: welcomed, they must have a path must be open for them with magic with strong magic before they can.
Timothy Sackton: Cross.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: If there were demons here, I cannot imagine they just.
Timothy Sackton: came on their own.
Timothy Sackton: Someone must have summon them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of strong magic.
Timothy Sackton: This is, this is not magic that is sanctioned by the gods that is not.
Timothy Sackton: It is dark and dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: and risky.
Timothy Sackton: For demons once.
Timothy Sackton: Once that path has been opened, once they have been welcomed in.
Timothy Sackton: can spread.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is the last time you've heard of demons and.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
there's always rumors.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if I can say, I know of any confirmed.
Timothy Sackton: Instances of of demon summoning recently but.
Timothy Sackton: Many of us sometimes wonder where all of the power that chart and has comes from.
Timothy Sackton: There are always rumors about.
Timothy Sackton: what's beyond the borders about.
Timothy Sackton: What lurks in the dark, where we are not trad and if someone were to.
Timothy Sackton: Try to make a living.
Timothy Sackton: On the blasted plane, I could certainly imagine that demon having a demon in their back pocket would be.
Timothy Sackton: A value.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So kind of messes that adela.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ellis.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard of demons before the Great War.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anything like this.
Mike Sackton: Nothing I mean unless there's something specific I mean.
Mike Sackton: Before during the Great War, there were many things roaming the earth humans included.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: She might could summon all manner of creatures to its it.
Mike Sackton: I was.
Mike Sackton: I was quite.
Mike Sackton: Young for my.
Mike Sackton: For an Elf, when I went to war.
Mike Sackton: And so.
Mike Sackton: I saw that.
Mike Sackton: Very little I mean I actually probably I mean plausibly dealt with would have fought demons and various battles in the Great War right, like some of the.
Mike Sackton: Some of the hobgoblin armies, we thought had had demons leashed demons fighting with them and some more cords had demons running a mock killing as many orcs as ours.
Mike Sackton: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Mike Sackton: know what it chevy those times, where.
Mike Sackton: can't imagine the.
Mike Sackton: Endless sea of creatures of these orcs are spilling over the fields, it was not, it was not like these times look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was deeply troubling i'm sure to all of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In order for there to be such instability between these planes of consciousness planes of magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At least from that period of the great war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was a source of tremendous evil and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if we're shifting into a time now where there's a similar instability starting to emerge and it feels like it would be incumbent upon us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or maybe somebody else because i'm fucking tired.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try to figure out what the source of this instability is if there's.
Timothy Sackton: Kenny as a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: looks up at that point and says.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if instability is the word but I agree kenzo if.
Timothy Sackton: If there is, it was hopefully was a demon it ravens hold and that demon was perhaps creating knowles.
Timothy Sackton: My knowledge says that that demon could only be there, somebody summon debt and knowing who's somebody, it seems, of crucial importance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10s of started looking at the map with the no lines look he points at ravens whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This was some kind of a normal no, you know no party happening here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whoever was down South plenty now towards that tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There may, and actually it looks like that election out to have we heard of any more knowles since these like 11111 of these goals appear here.
Mike Sackton: But there could be a second demon in the south.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what i'm saying.
Timothy Sackton: So, alas, has been sort of tuning out the conversation and staring at the map for a while.
Timothy Sackton: She says.
Timothy Sackton: that's difficult to rule out.
Timothy Sackton: However.
Timothy Sackton: she's like sort of this distance.
Timothy Sackton: here.
oops.
Timothy Sackton: it's about that.
Timothy Sackton: Where if.
Timothy Sackton: A group of know how long was the.
Timothy Sackton: demon.
Timothy Sackton: In ravens whole do you know, because if a group of knows left say just before you arrived.
Timothy Sackton: and travel south east.
Timothy Sackton: The timing works roughly.
Timothy Sackton: If they could move relatively fast.
Mike Sackton: Why would they go that way, instead of attacking.
Timothy Sackton: That, I do not know, but the is knows that I was following.
Timothy Sackton: These ones here.
Timothy Sackton: went to Carson Carson.
Timothy Sackton: And came out of Carson heading into the desert not towards Carola.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how to explain the.
Timothy Sackton: The ones that attacked by soda and then besieged Carola and thankfully if it wasn't for the centaurs potentially would be besieging us still.
Timothy Sackton: But the ones I saw.
Timothy Sackton: Not heading anywhere obvious.
Timothy Sackton: And they could have come from the north.
Timothy Sackton: no explanation for the behavior.
Timothy Sackton: There are not many stories of knowles but there.
Timothy Sackton: Something seems off about their behavior, to be honest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It again when we left raisins ravens whole debate kill all the noles that we're all the noles dead.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
Timothy Sackton: You, yes, you kill Well, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can at least read.
Timothy Sackton: All the ones that you saw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, when we left to then go to the storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In that interim time knows, they were somehow knows that when South and laid siege upon Carolina.
Mike Sackton: But they could have already been traveling the timing works for them to have already have left.
Mike Sackton: We were weaving ravens hold about when the siege started right okay right.
Timothy Sackton: Then, yes.
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean they would have built.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it was.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looking at everything that ever everybody across the table now, are there any knowles that we know of that are still active now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anywhere i'd like putting in cases like pointing at all of the spots or any any notes that were that we're tracking are aware of that are still moving now.
Timothy Sackton: These ones are speaks up, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Where they fall them into the desert there.
Timothy Sackton: Were they how know how they would have survived in the desert to be.
Timothy Sackton: perfectly honest.
Mike Sackton: Were they were they.
Mike Sackton: well fed and and.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: Where they skeletal and.
Timothy Sackton: with you, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: don't know how to judge if a novel is well fed, but I would say that at least half of them looked.
Timothy Sackton: Like they were.
Timothy Sackton: Some bs.
Mike Sackton: Because we encountered some notes on our return from ravens holds that were pretty.
Mike Sackton: Half dead, but oddly they didn't they didn't.
Mike Sackton: Fight way they were half dead, they just.
Mike Sackton: walked like zombies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, then the optimistic view is we went to ravens whole killed a couple of demons with a bunch of knowles and now we're done.
Timothy Sackton: What if wait a minute kendra speaks out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think that's the case but that's the optimistic view.
Timothy Sackton: wet when did you kill this demon.
Mike Sackton: It was.
Mike Sackton: About seven nights ago.
Timothy Sackton: is like yeah more like 10 because you spend a few nights in the.
Timothy Sackton: You spend a few nights in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the tower.
Mike Sackton: I mean according to your session.
Mike Sackton: We.
Timothy Sackton: run.
Mike Sackton: On the 13th.
Timothy Sackton: And it's now the 24th.
Mike Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So 11 days 11 days ago yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And kendra so then turns to ash and says, and when did you see these nodes in the desert she's like oh.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: Five six days ago.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a week it was just before we turn back for Carola.
Timothy Sackton: Can dresses done looks at us like.
Timothy Sackton: What if they need the demonic energy to feed.
Timothy Sackton: Every know that we've seen since you killed the demon has been wasting away.
Eric Rosenbaum: was wondering about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: wouldn't that be good news.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I always take a vacation.
well.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there.
Eric Rosenbaum: wouldn't be good news.
Mike Sackton: But are we sure that when they waste away, they die.
Timothy Sackton: Like like looks like it was looked seeming to look sort of happy for a moment, his expression just sort of drops.
Timothy Sackton: No, of course, not the ones that you thought were they.
Timothy Sackton: You said they've still fought.
Mike Sackton: They fought like.
Mike Sackton: They fought as fiercely as any know i've we've encountered since.
Eric Rosenbaum: blues into pieces easily no.
Timothy Sackton: sets back down.
Mike Sackton: I am not sure that.
Mike Sackton: dead knowles inhabited by a fearsome demonic urge to feed who can't satisfy that feed that urge are that much better than.
Mike Sackton: Living knowles fully possessed of their own limited desires and consciousness.
Rev. David (he/him): Where were they going.
Timothy Sackton: The ones you encountered.
Rev. David (he/him): Other ones in the desert the arrows the south, the ones headed into the desert.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: We don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Alaska speech, we didn't we didn't fall down, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You know I can in the sort of rocky Canyon lands i'm pretty confident in my ability to you know find some water and keep keep moving across the land, but once you're at a day's ride into the garden jolla and there's nothing but bear empty.
Timothy Sackton: baking hot rock.
Timothy Sackton: No vegetation no shade.
Timothy Sackton: Nowhere to Camp nothing to drink.
Timothy Sackton: not prepared to venture out that without significantly more preparation water supplies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For the.
Others.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: don't know how to tell if a.
Timothy Sackton: Violent demonic creature has a purpose they would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They where are they where they just meandering around are they taking their time where they were they were they.
Mike Sackton: Think of it as think of it as I hate bad behaviors with they seemed like they were moving the purpose.
Timothy Sackton: They were not hunting.
Timothy Sackton: mean think if you think about animals right they tend not to.
Timothy Sackton: Go anywhere unless they're looking for water or food or shelter Earth.
Timothy Sackton: And when they're hunting in particular they move in a in a very specific way right they they stock or they.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: They they they move in a in a pack in a coordinated fashion, trying to corner their prey if you watch lions out on the plains, to the north.
Timothy Sackton: Following a herd of antelope attempting to isolate the young and the sick.
Timothy Sackton: But that is not what they reminded me of.
Timothy Sackton: They weren't aimless either.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to have a direction and move in roughly that direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was that direction, relative to the party if it works, they saw.
Eric Rosenbaum: And where we go let's get going.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: These arcs where they you said they were scouting.
Timothy Sackton: We saw.
Timothy Sackton: A small band.
Timothy Sackton: Of orcs scouts Oh, I already marked them.
Mike Sackton: Are they the red X.
Timothy Sackton: The red X.
Timothy Sackton: Now boxed in blue and they seem to have been.
Timothy Sackton: At one point yeah we didn't approach them too closely i'm not sure which direction they were going, I did not so orcs I don't know how much you know about oryx but they.
Timothy Sackton: They tend to.
Timothy Sackton: be driven by compulsion to violence that they're in some ways from mine me of of knowles and, in some ways, perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: are similar to them and that they have a.
Timothy Sackton: Well, some people say it's the curse of their of their creator God.
Timothy Sackton: driving them to always seek war.
Timothy Sackton: and rarely do they travel.
Timothy Sackton: In small, isolated groups.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, if you read this the histories of donmar if you listen to the tales.
Timothy Sackton: The orc hordes out of the East recur, time and time again.
Timothy Sackton: And I was not me and my companions were not prepared to wait around for a.
Timothy Sackton: quarter come over the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: And so we slipped off.
Timothy Sackton: and did not follow them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh very strange and you have to wonder if it's connected, especially given that we saw.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the work i've been told us more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dress what's happened to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: boundaries of Chicago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The protection of Chicago has that changed at all recently.
Timothy Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And when the yellow line that's where the where the where the boundary was right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is now gone.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: How can you shake hands blessing be restored.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: question.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we know about.
Eric Rosenbaum: The courses that.
Eric Rosenbaum: have been suppressing it.
Mike Sackton: I think can draw some probably knows, much more than he's shared.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it seems.
Timothy Sackton: If I knew.
Timothy Sackton: How to restore.
Timothy Sackton: Sure coons protection, I of course would have done it yesterday.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot explain the.
Timothy Sackton: event events of the past.
Timothy Sackton: Six months I have allowed us to this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you've spoken English.
Timothy Sackton: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You still communicate communicate chicken.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, as much as as ever, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: The gods speak to us in many ways.
Timothy Sackton: Her.
Timothy Sackton: divine presence is not.
Timothy Sackton: finished.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's good.
Mike Sackton: How did.
Mike Sackton: How did her protection come to be.
Timothy Sackton: That is not my story to share.
Mike Sackton: It must.
Mike Sackton: have come after the great war.
Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): Whose story is that.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: looks like is about to break down and looks over at a lash and then like takes a deep breath in and gathers himself and says.
Timothy Sackton: I think this might be a discussion best left for another time.
Rev. David (he/him): will be will turn and look at election say last week us the room a moment.
Timothy Sackton: She looks at can just add like what's going on.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: He sort of looks back and he says.
Timothy Sackton: Another time while be.
There is, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Other issues to resolve at this moment.
Look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it kind of stands up and looks at the map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Senior can you raise this into a third dimension and just kind of you know it's i'm assuming the map of sort of individualized like on the table.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just you know so so kenza sort of like is is kind of like waving at the map to like kind of elevated so it's not on the not just sitting on the table, but actually floating in midair.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure, I give it a slow 360 spin as it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay rises a foot in the air above the table.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now it's like rotating up in the air, like this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now this is not my domain, I think there are others of you here that are more diverse than I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this is my basic understanding of what's going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are on this plane, and we are here, moving around on this little board on this little map we've got knows moving around we've got orcs moving around that us little humans moving around got some centaurs moving around.
Mike Sackton: humans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: humans, this is the material plane, where we are now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're.
Mike Sackton: just making a joke that none of your competitors you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: deal with your humor passes me often.
Mike Sackton: i'm aware.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My point being.
Mike Sackton: You aged to it give yourself 100 years.
Mike Sackton: it'll be.
Mike Sackton: much clearer than.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My point being.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can dress if we keep our discussion on this plane we're ignoring the source of all of this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wherever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps the patterns and the interconnections become clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you will hold them to give you a picture.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of a, please allow me to finish my metaphor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That thing that his companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other planes that we need to contemplate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It who is clearly connected to all of this for sure, whose power to now have evaporated and this line for to this source or production to be gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Clearly, a critical factor in all this, the source of the demons if they are in fact being summoned from another plane, where is this plane in relation to this material plane, I have no fucking idea, but some great power probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In relation to struck Hoon, some other set of powers or or entities beyond this plane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels like again, this is my you know limited are doing in brain here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This shit matters, this is feels kind of fundamental to to you know what's happening here my name.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I may kenzo.
Please.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've been thinking about the patterns and the connections between.
Eric Rosenbaum: The worlds and the source sources of power.
Eric Rosenbaum: The flow between them and I start to draw in the air, with my fingers what I know of the ley lines on the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was glowing rivers of energy on.
Eric Rosenbaum: know just to be clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Many parts of this are speculative but can only be certain of certain narrow regions that are my own direct observation, but you can see that there's this network of lines that connect our world to the plane of magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so i'm just drawing the lines, but I start to extreme them upward is kind of sheets they make this webbing.
Eric Rosenbaum: twists upward in into the air we don't really have a way to visualize as far as I know, the point of magic in relation to our point of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: We live in a.
Eric Rosenbaum: place that has width and breadth and.
Eric Rosenbaum: depth or however you want to name our special dimensions magic extends in a direction that we can't see and surely there are directions to that you can go.
Eric Rosenbaum: into minds or into dreams and perhaps into hellish places to in the shadows.
Eric Rosenbaum: My sense of what directions, there are two guys been proliferating but they seem to connect at certain places, and my sense also is that this is one of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This.
This temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: This temple that we're in right now, this is.
Eric Rosenbaum: a place that i'm very curious about.
Mike Sackton: Is there's something here that somebody might want.
Mike Sackton: Is this all an attempt to gain control of this place.
Mike Sackton: I keep thinking why Why go to the trouble of summoning demons why, why do whatever somebody has done to to collapse, the protection of Chicago.
Mike Sackton: It seems.
Mike Sackton: Like a lot of effort.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like we're getting closer to the truth now.
Mike Sackton: Somebody went to some trouble to.
Mike Sackton: Create.
Mike Sackton: A scroll that summon demons find.
Mike Sackton: Somebody went to some trouble to create these rituals.
Mike Sackton: But there's nothing there's nothing here.
Mike Sackton: I mean no offense to the Denmark, but your way and has been.
Mike Sackton: overrun already by disaster and it's not.
Mike Sackton: I don't think.
Mike Sackton: doesn't feel like a hobgoblin army or an orc horde or.
Rev. David (he/him): If I was a force in the East, before I was going to threaten further West, you know systematically.
Rev. David (he/him): move through any places of resistance, first, I mean if I had designs on Tokyo or some Garda.
Rev. David (he/him): First, you would start here and South and North and then sweep West.
Timothy Sackton: address that sort of stands up and.
Timothy Sackton: paces the room slightly and at goes to the far end and.
Timothy Sackton: From the shadow of the corner of the room picks up.
Timothy Sackton: His staff.
Timothy Sackton: Which is.
Timothy Sackton: Like a solid polished wooden staff with a um.
Timothy Sackton: I have a description of it somewhere, but it has like a crescent design sort of elaborate design motif on the top.
Timothy Sackton: And he walks back and he says.
Timothy Sackton: This temple was never overrun.
Timothy Sackton: And there are items of great power here.
Timothy Sackton: Whether this is what they are seeking.
Mike Sackton: seen what the staff can do.
Mike Sackton: How long have you been here in Chicago I mean in Kerala.
Mike Sackton: That history, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Many hundreds of yours.
Mike Sackton: And how did you.
Mike Sackton: carve this template of the Mesa.
Mike Sackton: quickly unusual.
Mike Sackton: you're watching formation.
Mike Sackton: or other car for the Mesa out of the temple.
Rev. David (he/him): Or you can.
Mike Sackton: Say that too.
Timothy Sackton: Who am I.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: A speaker of Chicago.
Timothy Sackton: Data gannon and the staff almost sort of clatters to inside.
Timothy Sackton: She couldn't speaks in riddles.
Rev. David (he/him): speaker if.
Timothy Sackton: You like again sort of takes a moment to compose himself and says.
Timothy Sackton: When I was a boy and join the temple.
Timothy Sackton: And was initiated into the mysteries.
Timothy Sackton: moved here and live my life here.
Timothy Sackton: I thought the speaker was.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: I thought should I ever have that position, I would be.
Timothy Sackton: greeting the people walking through town, giving them coons blessing sitting with them and listening to their joys and sorrows I thought I would be.
Timothy Sackton: singing the praises of my God and the five siblings.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: being part of the festivals and celebrating the dreams of sugar Kuhn.
Rev. David (he/him): But most of the job turns out to be fundraising and managing your staff.
This.
Timothy Sackton: I did not think.
Timothy Sackton: did not sign up to.
Timothy Sackton: solve metaphysical rebels and.
Timothy Sackton: Fight demons.
Timothy Sackton: A little.
Timothy Sackton: beyond me.
Timothy Sackton: He stands up and he says.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of nods.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo while being seeker.
Timothy Sackton: I must pray for some time.
Timothy Sackton: Should you wish to speak further.
Timothy Sackton: I have nowhere else to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Late interested before you depart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: centaurs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have Dar.
Timothy Sackton: Dar is around.
Timothy Sackton: Our andros the leader of the centers of the round yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is their approach where's the strategy right now.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I believe you've met off Dar he wants to raise an army and ride off into the desert.
Timothy Sackton: desert if there's anything to fight.
Timothy Sackton: The centaurs seem.
Timothy Sackton: aloof.
Timothy Sackton: They won't.
Timothy Sackton: speak clearly to me.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe they'll speak to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't speak for everybody else, but I need a break, I would love to take a vacation I don't know where to you, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm exhausted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If those like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Either you or through some other source.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: need to understand more about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The forces at play here, because if we continue to play this game of ponds and gives us your gestures of the Board and we don't understand anything about the players.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was a group of waste, a lot of time and energy.
Mike Sackton: How does one find the old mother of dust.
Mike Sackton: It must be something that's spoken of, even in whispers.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's tales.
Timothy Sackton: No to quite the same.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Most of them say.
Timothy Sackton: Turn South from the edge of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: and watch for a sign.
Timothy Sackton: A line of beetles.
Timothy Sackton: Black crow.
Timothy Sackton: or shadow flying across the the shadow of a of a.
Timothy Sackton: swallow or a Raven or vulture flying across the desert.
Timothy Sackton: And look for something one of these things.
Timothy Sackton: Moving straight into the South.
Timothy Sackton: and follow it into the sands.
Mike Sackton: And this is south of basketball yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The edge the eastern edge of the Mesa ambassador is like care was sort of sheltered on the on the North side of the Mesa past viewed as kind of sheltered on the east side.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps we take a day or two to regroup here, make sure the town is.
Mike Sackton: Safe see what you can do to resupply it may be wise to supply.
Mike Sackton: To go into the garbage la possible don't know if horses and what are available.
Mike Sackton: And could be a wedding.
Mike Sackton: But then.
Mike Sackton: I think we must.
Mike Sackton: Go south and east and.
Mike Sackton: see what.
Mike Sackton: see what there is, I think.
Mike Sackton: The dust mother is a.
Mike Sackton: key player here, although I do not know if we are ready to face her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any word from the party writing West.
Eric Rosenbaum: to grow that they get there safely.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're a 250 miles east of Turkey.
Timothy Sackton: If you know if they if they were traveling at a good pace, they would have maybe made it there yesterday but news would still take another.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see there's no way to.
Timothy Sackton: 10 days at least to reach you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On doors purpose was to support them to Tokyo and he was already.
Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you men who did you mean you meant Brisbane invalid.
Mike Sackton: Or you men now.
Mike Sackton: All that done tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: That yes.
Timothy Sackton: They made it there, and have Dar has made it back now it's been they laughed on like April 4 or fifth or six something like that so hot dogs been back for a couple days now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so the whole population locally has been.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Except for some of the Miss die, and now the centaurs and have Dar has a troop with him of about 30 warriors on horseback.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should talk to the centaurs.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I really must go pray but, as I said.
Timothy Sackton: I have no no article should you wish to speak more later.
Mike Sackton: Oh wash it.
Mike Sackton: Yes, it it's a trivial matter but is there a somebody in town, who might be able to repair a suit of Armor I found.
Timothy Sackton: In this don't know I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody left and they.
Timothy Sackton: They are left in Tokyo definitely.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You could ask of Dr somebody in his his true might have some skills in that manner, but you know josue and.
Timothy Sackton: You know the metal workers of the Smith is has moved on, or bend and chop.
Mike Sackton: house, I was wondering if you knew if if his people, but I will ask him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, by the way, unless we found something I thought you might be very interested in my pull out a purple gemstone goggles yeah you know we're always interested in in.
Eric Rosenbaum: The provenance of ancient artifacts and so forth, and what secrets they might hold and I actually put them up quickly over my eyes and glance towards control so.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah thinking to just get a glimpse of the staff yeah let me know if you ever want to try them.
Eric Rosenbaum: You might have something interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Those are not done Marty, what did you find.
Timothy Sackton: Wait can I see those.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look around at the party here you are yeah you can you can just briefly.
right amount.
Timothy Sackton: let's look.
Timothy Sackton: Oh did.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did try to get a glimpse of the staff, if it was still.
Timothy Sackton: Hard yes make.
Timothy Sackton: Make make a.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's just a quick glimpse.
Timothy Sackton: make an Arc on a check, but with but with I guess i'll say straight role because normally you'd have advantage but you don't get advantage john.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see okay I unequipped the goggles, so I think that was what was turning on the advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Quick glimpse it's hard to make.
Timothy Sackton: It seems old but it's hard to make out any detail, even with the magnification of the goggles.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it clearly seems magical.
stuff.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: drinking.
Timothy Sackton: drink Korean artifacts are pretty rare around here, these days.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you find us.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a whole other story.
Timothy Sackton: i'd love to hear it sometime.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe, maybe, maybe over some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some refreshments later on.
Timothy Sackton: That would be great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interest to.
be easy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you're ready to share more about the secrets of this place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it may help us understand more of what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the holding.
Eric Rosenbaum: geological question that dealt with raised it's also special interest in.
Timothy Sackton: It kind of just sort of walks off his head bowed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I saw him was he, like annoyed or is it like just tired.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna mess with you.
Rev. David (he/him): can be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hired and annoyed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah somebody mega can dress and mean right now.
Rev. David (he/him): would be how it started and it'd be like like very somber serious face can dress it and then it would be how it is now, and it would still be a very somber series.
Timothy Sackton: So what do you want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, take my goggles back from English yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: leave this you like wander off.
Timothy Sackton: um I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Are you guys stay in the you can leave I mean she's hiding she's like you know i'm just not much not much to eat around camp, these days, but after our troops got the best food unless you like a.
Timothy Sackton: salt roasted me, in which case you could try and back some off the centaurs.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to just eat grilled meat.
Timothy Sackton: all the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's what's in tyrese.
Mike Sackton: I think we should i'd like to talk to him, briefly, but.
Timothy Sackton: But I think heading off i'm gonna i'll be around i'm going to check on my horses and.
Timothy Sackton: elisha companions have a little little camp set up on the West side of the oasis if you want to come find us.
Timothy Sackton: To hear the story.
Mike Sackton: If we did wish to potentially supplied to brave desert.
Mike Sackton: If there's somebody in other supplies in town.
Timothy Sackton: I can try and scratch some stuff for you, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: crumbs was badly damaged, but I bet you some of his storms were not preached you need some some good.
Timothy Sackton: You know, water skins.
Timothy Sackton: Some good horses, but those we have.
Timothy Sackton: If you can convince hop dyers troop to give up some of their.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: battle train fancy horses, they do well in the desert um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: think we need to think.
Timothy Sackton: Our food, we can food is less of an issue but water is the thing, but we can scrounge around if if.
Timothy Sackton: If one of a chrome store rooms is still intact, that would be the easiest.
Timothy Sackton: way the oasis was.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's a little dirty but it's still good clean drinking water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to think about this more but will come find you.
Welcome
Timothy Sackton: yeah I can't give you some tips i'm not sure i'm prepared to venture out there, right now, but.
Timothy Sackton: I can we should talk, if you think that is your course of action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will find you will find you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I was like it's like tired annoyed looks at the rest of the party.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the year.
Rev. David (he/him): You will be glances up at the sun to.
Rev. David (he/him): judge how many times left in the day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is.
Timothy Sackton: What do we have already.
Rev. David (he/him): Probably give a few miles in.
Eric Rosenbaum: think we have a few more things to find out while we're here in town well.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: To get on the road, though.
Mike Sackton: It does seem like.
Mike Sackton: We are destined to head South and.
Mike Sackton: Fight another demon but.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps we could.
Mike Sackton: Take a day or two first to just.
Mike Sackton: see if any health Darren knows anything get some supplies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it worth talking to the centaurs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, we have they seem to have some insight into how demons work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have to talk true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, I feel like there's two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ways of navigating whatever the Fuck is happening here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's one way, which is trying to chase the noles around figure out where the demons are there are still any around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then there's the other way, which is more metaphysical and is more trying to understand who is truly the puppet master here in this whole situation, we can go and chase knowles and you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It just feels like we're a bunch of pawns fighting around right now and we don't know anything about who the chess masters are.
Mike Sackton: I will admit.
Mike Sackton: facing.
Mike Sackton: But dust mother.
Mike Sackton: seems a bit.
Mike Sackton: unnerving.
Mike Sackton: Just now, with what we know.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I like that, at least, you know we're fucking risking our lives for how long now trying to figure all this shit out and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know I do like the idea of trying to talk to somebody that actually can shed light on what the Fuck is going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
Rev. David (he/him): I agree tensor, I think, as long as we do a thumb count before we talk to her and.
Rev. David (he/him): Some count after Dr.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many thumbs do you have well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just wanted to raise a question here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any sign in what we've observed, up to now.
Eric Rosenbaum: of situations that could have resulted from a sacrifice, for example, it seems unlikely that regard loss of his eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: was a sacrifice in exchange for some greater power they were I don't think.
Mike Sackton: It does mothers that old.
Eric Rosenbaum: by his own account and centuries ago.
Mike Sackton: Raw guys is from the.
Mike Sackton: drink or is the thousand thousand years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: But my point was more is there is there any other situation we've encountered that is looks like the aftermath of such a sacrifice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Rev. David (he/him): Do we see a room with a pile of dead bodies for set.
Rev. David (he/him): To be turned into those are those sacrifices power for match.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know I don't think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we.
Mike Sackton: thought they were to be turned into knows right, that was the impression I had but maybe that was just a.
Mike Sackton: man to guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody count the fingers on the speaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: himself, so to speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because.
Eric Rosenbaum: He did appear to be sweating a little bit, I wonder if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's not he wasn't hiding anything us, I mean he was hiding something that I think he's just tired.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean if anybody's in a situation of great duress.
Eric Rosenbaum: And might seek extraordinary measures of sacrifice to rescue everything that's dear to them, but.
Mike Sackton: God says sacrifices seem to be.
Mike Sackton: For her benefit her trade seem always to benefit her not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, this one weird fucking thing that has happened is the disappearance of the protection of Chicago and maybe that is commensurate to some storm giant eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: would be exchanged for that that's far too powerful.
Mike Sackton: I don't see I don't even know can can forgot to even do that.
Mike Sackton: ragnar said she was after revenge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right I forgot about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With regard, said that.
Mike Sackton: I got the dust mother wanted revenge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Solomon wronged her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way.
Better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: than a game rah rah guards the giant right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah walled garden you about a goddess mother.
Mike Sackton: Remember, he I mean whether he knows whether whether his foretelling is accurate I don't think we know, although any I mean do giants.
Mike Sackton: giants prophecies and speaking about the future generally regarded as accurate.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, like, I mean would it make sense that a giant.
Mike Sackton: That a storm giant has some magical ability to know.
Mike Sackton: The answer to that question, or is it like totally bizarre.
Mike Sackton: Or is it impossible to now because he knows anything about giant.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think doll with would think it.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it might be something you would kind of puzzle over a little bit, but you would you would not find it implausible based on the stories you've heard of giants that.
Timothy Sackton: That there was some way for storm giants in particular are sort of rumored to have distant you know fire vision and fire seeing and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: their eyes follow the path of the storms and their ears pick up everything on the wind and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: So it would not strike you is particularly.
Timothy Sackton: You would have no idea how it, you know what sort of magic this is, but of course giants are you know the children of these.
Timothy Sackton: Ancient powerful magical creatures from before time right so from them from your point of view there'd be like yeah Okay, they have weird strong magic and this is the sort of thing they're rumored to be able to do, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They can we just met again reminder again what it raw the art like How did the godson.
Mike Sackton: Does mother thing come up with.
Mike Sackton: regard so when dealt with went into the Tower invisibly right to investigate raw guys tower.
Mike Sackton: dealt with heard a voice in his head that basically said, what do you want to now ask me a question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right right yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's a Dallas was like what does that get it to what does that got to dust another one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a good question.
Mike Sackton: yeah and then the answer wasn't revenge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And we later.
Mike Sackton: guests, I think, accurately at the time, I had no idea who was asking or answer right but we later figured it must have been bar guards saying half.
Mike Sackton: Right like he was like the lightning was is insane half right the voice was insane half it oddly same voice that told della to kill you and where that almost worked but.
Mike Sackton: You know that was insane half right so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we think that so basically we think that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That but but a goddess mother is President now it's also like raw garlic inference about a goddess mother is not because they have any past it's.
Mike Sackton: Correct yeah I know, so I mean what dealt with with I mean if we were.
Mike Sackton: Without getting into a long in character, discussion, I mean giants plot like TIM just said right like dealt with what have some background around giants and storm giants and plausibly they have the ability to magically know the answers to things that are right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Time is time is not a linear construct for.
Mike Sackton: store no more likely, I guess, I think it would be more likely that he.
Mike Sackton: Because remember he's present in the present.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right.
Mike Sackton: it's more likely that he would be able to hear what somehow here.
Mike Sackton: Everybody starts on the wind.
Mike Sackton: When he put his mind to it, or something like that, and so Okay, we have the ability to have far seeing or far hearing to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That we don't believe that i'm not the best mother and ragnar have any kind of relationship okay got it all right.
Mike Sackton: Right, I mean that that's my interpretation of what dealt with thinking and TAO guard war that's accurate right them.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): What do you think that, like stealing the eyes are like plausibly stealing a to be used for some means of single feature.
Rev. David (he/him): Was that too much of a stretch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
Rev. David (he/him): The eyes of the giant was just strictly TIM said the.
Rev. David (he/him): giant fancy importance.
Mike Sackton: I expect the eyes of a frost giants of a storm giants are powerfully magical.
Rev. David (he/him): But seeing the futures isn't, I guess, this is more Meta game, but like it's interesting just thinking back of seekers brother also sort of got stuck and trying to tell the future.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Rev. David (he/him): disappeared after he didn't like what he found out.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we don't know.
it's an interesting parallel.
Eric Rosenbaum: The elves have hadn't thought about that.
Mike Sackton: Foresight is not always.
Mike Sackton: it's not always a gift.
Mike Sackton: Of in history teaches us that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: look back and character.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: need answers to some pretty metaphysical questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A goddess mother might have some of these answers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Storm giant might have some of these answers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were other places, could we seek such answers.
Eric Rosenbaum: The mirror.
Mike Sackton: there's also an empty stone hot on the border of where she couldn't boundary used to be.
Great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then there's charting.
Timothy Sackton: And Hello.
Mike Sackton: Carson what.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's where you arrived also kenza what would what would occur to kenza would be that, so the monastery of the lock and mysteries where you.
Timothy Sackton: studied laca is, among other things, though.
Timothy Sackton: The god of knowledge and time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've been studying there right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know shit about this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where is that place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is it where is that place.
Timothy Sackton: that's right outside of Tokyo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tokyo oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, so I must know, took her.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you know toker well.
Timothy Sackton: You spend I mean you spent five years in the monastery you didn't I mean, but the monasteries like two miles south of Tokyo, so you would have.
Timothy Sackton: gone into Chakra a few times a month.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay i'm glad we're talking about this, because this is good to know about myself, which I knew but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not naturally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um okay oh right so Fuck so wait that's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I mean Okay, so I you know me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Human David Kong guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK OK so kenzo spent five years in a monastery and fucking studied, a lot of this metaphysical stuff actually like a call.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, on what does okay you just sent me a message.
Timothy Sackton: That says, this is what locket, so this is, I mean this is what this is your quantum knowledge that you've never decided what you've learned, as your hidden mystery of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome Oh, but this is because, like like right now, like in character, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I you know i'm like I want to try to like wrap his mind around what the Fuck is going on with extra Kuhn and like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Storm giant looks like there's some kind of clear like like forces at play that are way bigger than us measly fucking mortals walking around on Tamar and so ken's was getting frustrated because he wants to like piece together what is happening at the metaphysical layer
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And secret maybe know some of this stuff too, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: I think we're not going to learn more.
Mike Sackton: Talking about this, I just wonder if I gotta is the best next place to go.
I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you have an alternative to propose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me.
Mike Sackton: Care son, that the town.
Mike Sackton: The the ruin.
Mike Sackton: In the in the East.
Mike Sackton: Where the noles seems to have been.
Mike Sackton: Not coincidentally, where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where you look.
Mike Sackton: I woke right.
Mike Sackton: or this mysterious stone house.
Mike Sackton: Take the mirror to the stone House and say hey mirror where did this House come from.
Rev. David (he/him): Current entirely but they're all on the way to each other, we chat with a murderer gotta we stuck by the empty House we go to the city, we loop back again.
Mike Sackton: See I do it gotta last.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't even know where we're assuming we could find it does mother.
Mike Sackton: I think we can find the dust mother I just don't think we're going to get two chances.
Mike Sackton: We don't know the right things to ask and we don't know the right.
Mike Sackton: We don't know why we're there i'm not sure we're gonna get another chance to find her that.
Mike Sackton: This is just an instinct but she doesn't feel like the kind of being that is easy to find if she hides.
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah what's yeah after.
Eric Rosenbaum: How could we perhaps we could go in disguise a supplicants.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's some great difficulty, for which we need her magic and we're willing to create us to give a sacrifice unto her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'd have to dress down a little bit, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm booked terrified but also find that idea very intriguing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What terrifies me even more is having well being will be br bargainer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just think what we'll get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It we'll we'll have to give up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't need the notes on my faith.
Rev. David (he/him): I think i'm good with cross cultural I think of all of us, I have the highest degree of inter cultural competency I feel very good about this bargain.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're hired.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Rev. David (he/him): need to find a fourth person to give her.
Rev. David (he/him): person.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm we're not we can't get rid of taster.
Rev. David (he/him): Nicole will run into another chardon in venture she can have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know I feel like thus far our decision making processes invited largely lines as reasonably well.
Rev. David (he/him): I think bloodlust also.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like to think we're driven by a noble curiosity.
Mike Sackton: or even a desire to protect those can't protect themselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's where i'm trying to land myself here but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, the collection of cool interesting things.
Rev. David (he/him): will be luck sighs what kinds of across the table and just mouse, the word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What my hang out with you well.
Mike Sackton: I would like to go talk to health Dar and see if he's been out as anybody was other people out scouting i'm also.
Mike Sackton: An orc scouting party is not usually something you ignore.
Mike Sackton: It often turns into an orc war party, which turns into a lot of dead people.
Eric Rosenbaum: And where it's marked our map truly is not where it is now if they were on the move.
Mike Sackton: Unless it's an orc group or a set of orcs that somehow not enthralled to their God.
Mike Sackton: is serving another master.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who might be working for.
Rev. David (he/him): striving for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything we can infer about the role of that work we saw it written told.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is that.
Timothy Sackton: held it pretty quick.
Mike Sackton: She kept it alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it had like a fancy bedroom that we use in the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean the fancy bedroom was.
Timothy Sackton: leftover from the hobgoblin occupation.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it was icy but where where we found it.
Rev. David (he/him): it's all on the way.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean it's almost a straight line east.
Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: And to Kansas point about solving the metaphysical equation.
Eric Rosenbaum: It may be just that we need more data Kansas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this is what i'm trying to say, I think I think it got too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Many.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: More on you in my own training and think about this with the sources of all this could be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I part of move Fred Smith returns charted but part of me also feels that their answers there for us it's.
Mike Sackton: Like regarded as.
Mike Sackton: Far.
Eric Rosenbaum: In my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: attitude it is blocking.
Rev. David (he/him): The famous another schumer.
Mike Sackton: Yes, 100 years guys come on seriously.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM in my in my.
Mike Sackton: In my schedule to your forget my job.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: ley line speculation, where does it, what does it look like going out into the desert is it likely that there are ley lines crossing any of the.
Timothy Sackton: landmark I mean so you've never been out there and remember ley lines.
Timothy Sackton: They barely continuous.
Timothy Sackton: From they barely run straight and in a continuous line right so even say you know the the you know the Tower has.
Timothy Sackton: A large pool of ley line a large node underneath it and there's a ley line running south to the tower.
Timothy Sackton: And there's ley lines that cross and Carol up.
Timothy Sackton: One coming from the north, but in your travel between the tower and the end care where the ley line was not continuous.
Timothy Sackton: So, at one point you noticed it.
Timothy Sackton: vanished and then some number of days later, another ley line comes in, you know from the east and loop South the character so so just just knowing.
Timothy Sackton: The location and direction of which ley lines leave notes it's very it's not nearly enough information to predict.
Timothy Sackton: Where they will where other nodes will be, you have to go and actually scout.
Mike Sackton: I want to go talk to health Darren and see if he can make me a suit of half plate Armor so my he can go up by to.
Rev. David (he/him): ask if you can make a subtle also.
Mike Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I want to lie down reminds me i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sure it's can you can you do like three animal handling checks, just to represent the training of of what was the experts name.
Mike Sackton: um I also i'll be right back by the other thing.
Mike Sackton: is to.
Mike Sackton: I think we should see if we can get some good horses and casts of water, so that we don't die in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Sensible so over the over the week.
Timothy Sackton: That you.
Timothy Sackton: You know we're traveling South you've.
Mike Sackton: got i'll be back in a minute.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you've got your xp trained well enough to eat out of your hand and come when you call, but still a little bit skittish about you writing it so.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the journey you've been sort of walking.
Timothy Sackton: it'll follow you very happily.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably going to still require a little bit more.
Timothy Sackton: taming and familiarity before you can write it in comfort, but in a pinch, you can jump on that and and run off, and it will it will toss you.
Rev. David (he/him): want to train and also to lift up one of its feet look for for like a chic command to look into spunk.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So so well done with is speaking to pop down what does anybody else.
Rev. David (he/him): Like the center's would be good to talk to about.
Rev. David (he/him): One other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We definitely we should talk about cars which played together.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): let's get around town, also for whatever the supplies are that we could take to the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um, so there is a unbroken.
Timothy Sackton: There is a some.
also got yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah let's let's take it if anybody else wants to like go to the bathroom or grab some let's take a short break.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay cool.
Timothy Sackton: Like five minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Tim while that's happening i'm gonna be looking through the goggles temple as we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look at the outside.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah I think that's more.
Timothy Sackton: that's more like not so much our economy as like your geology and like nature and to have an architecture, training, so the goggles goggles are really more specifically about items.
Eric Rosenbaum: You might say the goggles they do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay back yep.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should we should be a little better game before the next time, so I can like actually know what happened with blocking stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah that'd be awesome hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of things like I should go idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels like it actually pretty relevant to the questions that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That probably actually goes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: i'd be totally happy to do that that'd be awesome.
All right, let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have some part again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: target.
Timothy Sackton: For android ios.
or android.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we convince them again to investigate this.
Is that this out.
Timothy Sackton: i'm down with told them that kendra so knows about dreams.
Timothy Sackton: And also like you know.
Timothy Sackton: A doctor like people are gonna die thing right.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and then well wait well be.
Timothy Sackton: It was actually well be you convinced him in the end and I forget exactly what he said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We know about do we asked them already about the goddess mother.
nope.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think you didn't know it when you met them you didn't know about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, we were we were still on our way to agents.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, we should ask them that's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah that's where that's where we're waiting for we're gonna talk, while you were gone like.
Timothy Sackton: So i'll just briefly unless you want to just in the interest of time i'd say let's not plan a whole thing with hot dogs.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and then you sent us, so I mean you know he has there are people in this truth, who are.
Timothy Sackton: You know, have some skill with repairs.
Timothy Sackton: But you know even with raisins work on the Armor in the few days you are traveling to the to the tower, it would still probably take.
Timothy Sackton: At least a week, and they would need you know, a forge and.
Timothy Sackton: equipment and stuff that's not really readily available in.
Timothy Sackton: In Kerala at the moment and plus hop Dar is quite concerned about room about this news of works that alleged broad and he's currently trying to convince.
Timothy Sackton: kendra and last one everybody, you know anybody who's around basically to ride out.
Timothy Sackton: Or let him ride out and.
Timothy Sackton: hunt them down with his troop and so far has not been able to convince the centers to either come or stay in protect the town and he's.
Timothy Sackton: Slightly reluctant to go herring off into the desert after rumors of orcs without with no protection from the town whatsoever, but.
Timothy Sackton: Even if he even if.
Timothy Sackton: He you know they did have to materials which you could probably scratch, he doesn't he's not planning on being here for a whole week because he's worried about this, these new threats in the East, so you can't really spare them.
Mike Sackton: Yes, really dedicated to be not getting plate now.
Timothy Sackton: Now i'm trying to maintain very similar to.
hide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or similar.
Timothy Sackton: I mean if you went to Tokyo, you could.
Timothy Sackton: Easy peasy get somebody to fix it up for you.
um.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should okay well, maybe we should.
Mike Sackton: Take our take Calcutta with us.
Mike Sackton: Good ride with the trip to.
Mike Sackton: Paris on.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought we're gonna go to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: beard.
Eric Rosenbaum: place, what does it mean farmstead us in the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: First.
Timothy Sackton: The red dot weird stone house.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean you guys all want to go have a desk mother eat our souls, but i'm just i'm just a little more nervous about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Possibly.
Mike Sackton: need our souls.
Rev. David (he/him): So magic desert lady.
Eric Rosenbaum: Two identical legs is so we're done.
Mike Sackton: Well, I wouldn't be so worried about the loss of the women so much as the fact that she somehow tied him to some the soul of some evil creature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's troubling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we talked to the centaurs soon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you'll find the centaurs 10.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so there's not a camp to bit separate from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the donmar so there's sort of on.
Timothy Sackton: One side of town is is.
Timothy Sackton: hotdogs camp well the other.
Mike Sackton: Wait wait, the one reason I was thinking about how Dias is it worth trying to convince the center's to stay and grab the town.
Timothy Sackton: Have die would be very happy if you did, in fact, the two things he tried to convince you when you were asking about plate Armor is come into the desert with me and help me hi orcs and convince the centers.
Timothy Sackton: To stay.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long have the Center has been here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In our conversation with our.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: right they showed up.
Timothy Sackton: late at night on April 14 so that would be 10 days ago, so they broke the siege 10 days ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And does have our know how long they intend to stay were like why they're here how much longer than.
Timothy Sackton: The center's have not been very communicative with any of the Denmark apparently control so they wouldn't speak to kendra's or would only speak in sort of cryptic riddles have Dar.
Timothy Sackton: says they get along I mean they you know they fought alongside each other, because after they broke the siege popped are returned, and then the center's and have dark with road after the road down the remnants of the of the know bands.
Timothy Sackton: But they seem to be.
Timothy Sackton: Here, for their own reasons and they won't share.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But they don't seem like they're going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To camp there so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean they're not they're not they could break camp tomorrow for all anybody knows, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they could like if they wanted to be good like you tonight.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they could easily leaving they could leave in an hour right they you know they're very mobile.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many are there.
Timothy Sackton: was about 30 3040.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And last time we talked to them i'm glad that you said that they talked like a while he was the one that convinced them to go South ultimately go to bed and sleep.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you are, it was dealt dealt with and and well be largely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: date debate was it like they wouldn't talk to me like what did not talk to.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, they were.
Timothy Sackton: perfectly happy to talk to you, they just had their own plans they were heading West just didn't necessarily see the point in turning south.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's time to little bit i'm going to source ips dude.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you begin to approach the Center camp.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's kind of bright out so i'll wear my.
Eric Rosenbaum: goggles.
He.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: sort of sees you approaching and and rides up to greet you.
Timothy Sackton: And he is so he's I mean he's.
Timothy Sackton: Old or at least late middle age is not a young Center anymore there's like chestnut brown for has like streaks of FLEX with like little bits of silver and grey and his human faces lined and weathered.
Timothy Sackton: You know he's he's clearly like an out well leader, because he's an elder not necessarily a leader, because he is the you know.
Timothy Sackton: Most.
Timothy Sackton: The best warrior or something like that um.
Timothy Sackton: And, and, as he he rides up he says.
Timothy Sackton: greetings.
Timothy Sackton: I am glad that you have returned safely from.
Timothy Sackton: The dangers, you are heading into.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, we did not get a chance to speak when you.
Timothy Sackton: First returned to town, but I hope now, we may sit for some time.
Timothy Sackton: Would you care for food or drink.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you kindly for your offer I think we'd be delighted to.
Come.
Timothy Sackton: And he rides into like through the camping into a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Like sort of sheltered area underneath a tent where he you know kind of sits down and there's a like a little bit of a stone table portable table set up in another Center bring some some roasted antelope and.
Timothy Sackton: jugs of wine and service all around and then and then rides off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And this is actually like probably the first cooked food we've eaten in like a very.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean Bola.
Timothy Sackton: Quick some chicken some.
Mike Sackton: To cooking.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean that's true.
here.
Timothy Sackton: If.
Timothy Sackton: I would think on the on the journey South you would probably have taken some time to occasionally huntin.
Mike Sackton: and dealt with was a quartermaster in.
Mike Sackton: The army, who is good at like oh good cook.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh nice I say so della della hearing us.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah I think he probably would have I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Really, the northern plains, the last three days you've probably been pretty much on cold rations dried meat and stuff like that, but but.
Timothy Sackton: You know the planes around the Tower were pretty decent hunting, you could have rabbits and.
Timothy Sackton: chickens and the occasional antelope that you know that sort of stuff it's pretty decent game.
Timothy Sackton: But for the past three days you've probably been yeah just tried tried me.
Timothy Sackton: play much.
Mike Sackton: But Dallas antelope jerky antelope jerky is pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: it's pretty good yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Either way, works I just had an idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pencil and well, we should practice will be shooting arrows at kenzo that he then deflects at other because, like you know, hence I was not able to shoot arrows himself, but it's really fucking good at like catching projectiles lost out here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like we should definitely start practicing that I don't know how to do that when the dice rolling situation with that would be TIM but.
Mike Sackton: playing a special attack where.
Mike Sackton: Where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are you yes really yeah This is like this is like an x men, when my colossus with flow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But not exactly.
Rev. David (he/him): Like to shoot around corners so like.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah to you and then you'll grab it and, like redirected 90 degree.
Timothy Sackton: Or if you're out of range something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and if I can i'm just waiting for the combat when seeker casts and large on kenzo and there's just a giant monk stopping around the battlefield.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: etching like.
Timothy Sackton: My folders and bringing them back at people.
Eric Rosenbaum: versus enlarging welby to make a human sized halfway.
Timothy Sackton: That would be that would look odd but would be sort of pointless.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay that's better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: engage.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: What was that ravens.
Mike Sackton: demon.
Mike Sackton: To demons.
Timothy Sackton: is, as I suspected.
Timothy Sackton: And they are gone dispatched.
Timothy Sackton: i'm pleased to hear that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dispatch, but there are new mysteries that we need to understand that perhaps you can get some lead one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard of the gods that does father.
Timothy Sackton: I know that name.
Timothy Sackton: Not a creature I would.
Timothy Sackton: approach.
Mike Sackton: What stories, do you know.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Southern half of the blasted plane.
Timothy Sackton: From the borders of the car jolla to about the old trade road is her domain.
Timothy Sackton: And we.
Timothy Sackton: We stay North she stayed south.
Timothy Sackton: We did not interfere, and she leaves us alone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long has that been heard of in.
Timothy Sackton: Many, many years.
Timothy Sackton: My father's Father time.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 200 years ago 150 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: or something no not entirely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, over origin.
Timothy Sackton: motivator is a.
Timothy Sackton: There is a face spirit in her or of her part of her.
Timothy Sackton: she's not entirely of this plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Face spirit, what does that mean.
Mike Sackton: creature of shadow fell.
Timothy Sackton: How much do you know of.
Timothy Sackton: Other.
Timothy Sackton: The other planes are dimensions.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am fascinated by such things and the student of them, but in truth.
Eric Rosenbaum: For certain very little.
Timothy Sackton: He says he reaches out and he puts his hand on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And he says.
Timothy Sackton: You younger races.
Timothy Sackton: may not be able to feel this.
Timothy Sackton: But the earth itself is vibrating reverberating.
Timothy Sackton: With the echoes.
Timothy Sackton: of an ancient time.
Mike Sackton: did when.
Mike Sackton: Did you just refer to.
Mike Sackton: us as younger races, all of us.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: We were here before you.
Timothy Sackton: As I was saying.
Timothy Sackton: If you concentrate.
Timothy Sackton: You can feel the vibrations.
The reverberations.
Timothy Sackton: Of.
Timothy Sackton: time when.
Timothy Sackton: The world was more magical and before things were pulled apart.
Timothy Sackton: When.
Timothy Sackton: When the gods when.
Timothy Sackton: Are hot and Malek.
Timothy Sackton: pulled.
Timothy Sackton: pulled the chaos pulled the.
Timothy Sackton: magic pulled the.
Timothy Sackton: uncontrolled power of an earlier age out of the world.
Timothy Sackton: It created ECHO, is it created.
Timothy Sackton: reverberations.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: resonates still within tigar itself.
Timothy Sackton: But others.
Timothy Sackton: reverberate out swear.
Timothy Sackton: reverberate in.
Timothy Sackton: places that are like this, but not this places.
Timothy Sackton: That are echoes that are reflections that are.
Timothy Sackton: twisted distortions.
of this world.
Timothy Sackton: The owls the humans have given these names, the shadow file the fe while the dream world a nightmare around.
Timothy Sackton: These places are.
Timothy Sackton: Our echoes they're.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite tog are but.
Timothy Sackton: What once was telkom.
Timothy Sackton: And many of the earliest children of the divine the earliest most powerful creatures fled their after magic was ripped apart, after the world was sundered.
Timothy Sackton: The fake creatures, the art fair and all their many creations.
Timothy Sackton: of which we.
Timothy Sackton: Once were before we are given souls by the world.
Timothy Sackton: fled to these places the shadow fell to a wild.
Timothy Sackton: And I gotta.
Timothy Sackton: Some part of her comes from there now.
Eric Rosenbaum: secrets got his new book out again and i'm scribbling down i've got a whole new page about different planes and so these are each just didn't places the shadow phil i'm reading off the dream world the fe wild.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you mentioned one other.
Timothy Sackton: A nightmare around.
Eric Rosenbaum: The nightmare realm.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't know that i've heard of that one or at least not by that.
Mike Sackton: i'm TIM is a gotta mean anything and shadow car.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: That is a very long and slow now.
Timothy Sackton: just thinking of shadow car would be.
Timothy Sackton: related to the language in which it does mean something.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's I might have missed something, while I was scribbling sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a connection between I gotta and this the same realm the say wild.
Timothy Sackton: The fake creatures, the children of the arch pay the children of these.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I say children, but by that I mean the creations, the.
Timothy Sackton: The many, many forms, given life and body and.
Timothy Sackton: consciousness, although I hesitate to say souls.
Timothy Sackton: By these arch fe scattered.
Timothy Sackton: Some of these you may have heard of dry ads pixies sprites.
Timothy Sackton: Others are darker.
Timothy Sackton: boggles that.
Timothy Sackton: hide in the night.
Timothy Sackton: Red caps that grow from the blooded murder blooded murder victims.
Timothy Sackton: These fled some many most the fe wild some to the shadow fell the wild.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is more in the wild everything is less in the shadow fell.
Timothy Sackton: I suspect.
Timothy Sackton: I know I got to say I can sense that we.
Timothy Sackton: We have a complicated relationship with the fe.
Timothy Sackton: whether she is.
Timothy Sackton: Things are not so simple, as they are in the the realms of human imagining in the wild and the shadow fell, there is no clear division between good and evil between darkness and light.
Timothy Sackton: evil.
Timothy Sackton: evil is.
Timothy Sackton: evil is a very human concept in some ways.
Timothy Sackton: Just because something may be.
Timothy Sackton: terrifying and dangerous and.
Timothy Sackton: revel in misery and pain, does not mean it is from the shadow fell and just because something may be peaceful and.
Timothy Sackton: dedicated to altruism and helping does not mean it is from the favorable items.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I can tell you, she is.
Timothy Sackton: an indirect many generation descendants of an arch say.
Timothy Sackton: And I can tell you, she is.
Timothy Sackton: not entirely of this world.
Timothy Sackton: Whether the wild or the shadow fell, I am not sure it particularly matters.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the relationship between these worlds.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the plane of magic.
Timothy Sackton: plane of magic is not.
Timothy Sackton: My concern is not.
Timothy Sackton: Close to.
Timothy Sackton: The history or or.
Timothy Sackton: souls or meanings of the.
Timothy Sackton: of my people magic is something else magic is.
Timothy Sackton: It is a different energy, it is.
Timothy Sackton: it's not part of these reflections and echoes of the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: reflections and echoes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yet i've often wondered.
Eric Rosenbaum: If the runes that I use.
Eric Rosenbaum: to harness the magical power of the plane of magic are themselves kind of.
Eric Rosenbaum: means to capture those reverberations from one world to another.
Timothy Sackton: Let me, let me see these rooms.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: What can I do.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll just.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're sitting inside of a tent at a table.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah well it's like oh it's it's not really attend it's like awning it's open on three sides there's one wall that drops down and then a roof.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm oh actually i'll do something more like.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll use minor allusion to make.
Eric Rosenbaum: A something like an ordinary but for the multiverse.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, to speak like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Two dimensional disk representing with like little tiny mountain chains on it, representing a region of Gallagher floating in the Center and then orbs slowly orbiting about about it, representing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The shadow fell and say wild and dream world and the nightmare realm in different colors floating around so i'm drawing a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Complex glowing set of symbols in the air to manifest these this minor illusion.
Timothy Sackton: So if he's he's watching that he's kind of shaking his head he's saying.
Timothy Sackton: No, that is.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot.
Timothy Sackton: I feel no echoes of what you are doing, you are, that is a that has nothing to do with.
Timothy Sackton: The reverberations in the world, and he puts his hand on the ground again.
Timothy Sackton: I can feel.
Timothy Sackton: I can feel the echoes of history in the world itself, but you are manipulating some other kind of energy something from outside, it must be, it is not anything in my experience.
Rev. David (he/him): What he's gonna ask him.
Rev. David (he/him): Is this map drone correctly is this.
Rev. David (he/him): What should be at the Center of this just trying to where seekers put the sort of prime material plane like existence.
Rev. David (he/him): With decentralize think of that as being.
Rev. David (he/him): The Center of their cosmology.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know quite how to explain it in this clumsy tongue done Mari.
Timothy Sackton: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Trends not.
Timothy Sackton: See.
Rev. David (he/him): roller Christmas me.
Timothy Sackton: That the middle, yes, the Center of everything that the.
Timothy Sackton: line that that runs through the the core is the world we are standing on.
Timothy Sackton: And then imagine if you.
Timothy Sackton: Put mirrors hanging above it and below it.
Timothy Sackton: That reflected that but we're not flat mirrors they were curved and twisted and so some places.
Timothy Sackton: The distance between points is not the same in the reflection, as it is on the world.
Timothy Sackton: And then there then there's a mirror above that that reflects the reflection even more distorted and out of phase and perhaps mirrors and mirrors and mirrors many reflections of reflections of reflections.
Timothy Sackton: We are taught that there are.
Timothy Sackton: Two layers that there is a mirror and then a mirror of a mirror.
Timothy Sackton: But whether there are more.
Timothy Sackton: cannot say for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: I start trying to reshape the illusion to reflect this, but it is complex.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it's not.
Timothy Sackton: You dwarfs think of everything as.
Timothy Sackton: Concrete and physical.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm so we do.
defined.
Timothy Sackton: That is not the reality of.
Timothy Sackton: That is not how we see the reality.
Timothy Sackton: Of these worlds of these of these echoes.
Timothy Sackton: And so.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not concrete, they are more.
Timothy Sackton: Like theater is a place, there is a place in the wild, that is, the reflection of this place here.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: But it is not, it is not a perfect reflection it's not a reflection that stays the same.
Timothy Sackton: One year, it may be a reflection of.
Timothy Sackton: A long distant past when a forest grew here.
Timothy Sackton: And sometime later, it may be a reflection of a future when the oasis has dried up and there is nothing but desert.
Timothy Sackton: There is no.
Timothy Sackton: there's no constancy.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so the world of the mirrors is not addressed to warping of space, but of time as well.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it's.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly time.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: I have lived many years, but I am not a sage I am not I.
Timothy Sackton: am not a user of the magical power of these.
reverberations.
Timothy Sackton: I do know that our.
Timothy Sackton: Our seers and our.
Timothy Sackton: own speakers say that.
Timothy Sackton: In the reflections of the reflections in the dream world.
Timothy Sackton: All possible futures and all possible paths can be found.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can we compete with the dream world.
Timothy Sackton: This brings us.
Timothy Sackton: To the mystery that I must ask you about.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: There are many reasons why we came here.
Timothy Sackton: Out of our way.
Timothy Sackton: But not the least of them.
Timothy Sackton: was your stories about.
Timothy Sackton: The knowledge and the.
Timothy Sackton: possible connection to the dream world.
Timothy Sackton: Of kendra's of the.
Timothy Sackton: shot Kuhn miss dive.
Timothy Sackton: But we come here.
Timothy Sackton: And my sears tells me that this place is dark that this place is.
Timothy Sackton: cursed, even though our shadow lies over the heart of this town.
Timothy Sackton: But there is a hole, there is a pit there is a emptiness.
Timothy Sackton: At the heart of.
Timothy Sackton: At the heart of the maze that the heart of the town.
Mike Sackton: We.
Rev. David (he/him): Just again because I mean like literally inside the Mesa like if there was a physical to see mean is he saying that there's a physical location of this thing, or is it a.
Rev. David (he/him): No existential.
Timothy Sackton: Now totally metaphorical.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the towel is inside the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: The temple is like carved on the side of the Mesa yeah.
Mike Sackton: I have to make it grew up around the temple.
Timothy Sackton: But he means he means metaphorically, like the temple and the major other sort of reason for the town and and.
Timothy Sackton: The Center of the town being there always the Plaza the oasis the Mesa the sort of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this connected to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: disappearance tisha coons protection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you are you aware.
Timothy Sackton: Well i've seen the bear evidence of it with my eyes.
Timothy Sackton: nose should never have been able to cross the border.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What could have caused the disappearance of.
Timothy Sackton: This is.
Timothy Sackton: My kind of magic.
Timothy Sackton: We did not traffic with the gods.
Timothy Sackton: Not.
Timothy Sackton: We are, we are of the world, we are not divine.
Timothy Sackton: So I do not know.
Rev. David (he/him): get to talk to control so.
Timothy Sackton: I will not speak with him, while a curse hangs over him.
Timothy Sackton: Our car has said so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you.
Eric Rosenbaum: rehearse hangs over.
A shadow.
Timothy Sackton: twisting future a path that leads to ruin, I am not certain.
Timothy Sackton: Quite what this means the.
Timothy Sackton: signs are not easy to read, always.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who might have Kirsten.
Timothy Sackton: This is, in part, why we are still here.
Timothy Sackton: I am not certain, it is wise to leave this town.
Timothy Sackton: If there is something here that could spread.
The message itself.
Timothy Sackton: The land itself is our concern.
Mike Sackton: can draw says convinced he feels the divine presence of chicken is possible, he feels the curse instead.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: And will not speculate on the divine, as I said.
Timothy Sackton: The gods are foreign to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's his name again TIM delete the leader.
Timothy Sackton: or i'm dress dress.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dress you are most certainly comrades in trying to unravel these mysteries.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we were in the north.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me dispatch to these demons they were clearly summoning perhaps the source of the noles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: engaged in rituals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of the demons we killed was the source of the corruption in the water in the north.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After dispatching of it, you could see the land, restoring you can see evidence of the land, restoring.
Timothy Sackton: But thank you for this.
Mike Sackton: that's not the curse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But then part of what we still do not understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is how this all connects with the gods a dust mother and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we were in ravens hold we found the char dunion who's captive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To to jackal where's and an orc.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were.
Timothy Sackton: An orc one orc.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One work which del it tells us is highly unusual.
Timothy Sackton: Do you think a gotta was at ravens hold.
Timothy Sackton: Is that what you're saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't know what I got so it.
Mike Sackton: could have been a godsend I think I got it might have been orchestrating events at ravens hold.
Timothy Sackton: If she was at ravens hold herself.
Timothy Sackton: Then she broke the terms of our deal and will suffer.
Mike Sackton: can say if that was true.
Rev. David (he/him): We know where they planning to bring.
Rev. David (he/him): Their capital of South or were they expecting that kind of would be there to see the capture of.
Timothy Sackton: That you don't know full and never had it mean that follow it just overhearing right what they were saying right she never like you never you killed them all so quick you never interrogated any of those.
Eric Rosenbaum: directors just say he had a deal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, centers have a deal with a gotta.
Mike Sackton: yeah he mentioned that earlier to they got to get the desert land in the south.
Mike Sackton: They don't go South the old road.
Eric Rosenbaum: That deal.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your speculation that the orc was a gotcha.
Mike Sackton: And then kill, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Now I don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know because I was asked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their address.
Eric Rosenbaum: We killed the work.
Timothy Sackton: We killed the order alone or is a odd site.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: It is possible that.
Timothy Sackton: I would not if it's possible that.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta or someone else.
Timothy Sackton: Has orcs working for them.
Mike Sackton: Keep do you know why I got to wants revenge, or what I got to wants revenge on.
Timothy Sackton: Do not know for sure.
Timothy Sackton: I could speculate.
which you.
Mike Sackton: don't mind to see young races children, you might say.
Timothy Sackton: I got that came out of the East, shortly after the great war.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: suspect she may have played a role in that war and not on the winning side.
Timothy Sackton: That done Mari for all their.
Timothy Sackton: Suffering sense and all the life that they lost.
Timothy Sackton: struck a great blow on that fight.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: She is seeking revenge, she is seeking.
Timothy Sackton: retribution.
Timothy Sackton: For the death of.
Timothy Sackton: Her allies in that.
Timothy Sackton: battle.
Mike Sackton: But what would have changed.
Mike Sackton: I can.
Mike Sackton: Fake creature living in the desert and.
Mike Sackton: seeking revenge on the denari by giving them what they wish for, in a way that makes them suffer more than they expected seems quite wow fat.
Mike Sackton: But she seems if she is behind the demons and the collapse of chickens, while she seems to move past that.
Mike Sackton: Unless perhaps she's not the one who's.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I do not know.
Mike Sackton: Let me tell you a story.
Mike Sackton: Tell me if it.
Mike Sackton: sounds related to this curse you're seeing.
Mike Sackton: When I first came to.
Mike Sackton: This town.
Mike Sackton: Maybe.
Mike Sackton: What five months ago.
Mike Sackton: I heard the story, six months ago, I heard the stories of Chicago and there's a there's a at the edge of the oasis people say that if you if you go out there and meditate and sit around and trance.
Mike Sackton: She can come to you and will show you a vision of your future and well.
Mike Sackton: I was interested in a vision of my future you know I have lost my past, I wanted to know what.
Mike Sackton: What might be coming.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: I saw a.
Mike Sackton: voice, I saw a.
Mike Sackton: towering bronze door carved many scenes and a voice began to speak, the voice began to to say to me.
Mike Sackton: an omen, I guess, if I recall something like your truth is, you must choose to step forward.
Mike Sackton: And then.
Mike Sackton: Something stopped it from speaking further something.
Mike Sackton: Whatever whatever.
Mike Sackton: creature i'm bound to that had saved me from.
Mike Sackton: The realm I was trapped in.
Mike Sackton: told the boys, to be gone cried out who are you like it it didn't know who was speaking the prophecy.
Mike Sackton: But if it was chicagoans speaking the prophecy.
Mike Sackton: That strikes me as odd.
Mike Sackton: What in any creature recognize that God.
Mike Sackton: it's not chicken speaking the prophecy.
Mike Sackton: Could it be this curse.
Timothy Sackton: The prophecy of the gods are strange to us, but I can say.
Timothy Sackton: That that does that does sound odd to me.
Timothy Sackton: From what I know of the divine Yes indeed, they should not be.
Timothy Sackton: Their visions cannot be stopped so easily.
Timothy Sackton: But the curse the curse I speak of.
Timothy Sackton: it's not the.
Timothy Sackton: presence of something that shouldn't be here it's the absence of something that should.
Timothy Sackton: isn't emptiness.
somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that the lack of Chicago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The absence of chicken because.
Timothy Sackton: It could be.
Timothy Sackton: The gods are mysterious to me that.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The image, the.
Timothy Sackton: The best way I can explain this is that.
Timothy Sackton: If you imagine a.
Timothy Sackton: Very drama very big drama and you beat on the drum and it makes a sound and there's there's echoes and vibrations and if you put your hand.
Timothy Sackton: Press down on the surface of that drum it stops vibrating and it becomes silent.
Timothy Sackton: And that's what it feels like the lack of sound that should be echoing forth from this place this place that has a deep history.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there is some.
Eric Rosenbaum: resonance artifact.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which not unlike the way my runes resonate.
Eric Rosenbaum: To bring energy from the plane of magic into this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: was used at the heart of the temple to bring the energy of the dream world here and that that artifact has been stolen.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: We could be.
Timothy Sackton: I can say is there are.
Timothy Sackton: There is silence in a place that should be a chorus.
Mike Sackton: You said can draw so he would not speak to him, because he was cursed.
Mike Sackton: You also refer to an absence their.
Timothy Sackton: Silence clings to him.
Mike Sackton: Yet he feels his God.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot explain us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps he is afflicted with an illusion.
Eric Rosenbaum: But who would be powerful enough to afflict it upon him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could all of this be a God is doing.
Timothy Sackton: got to cannot challenge a God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can.
Timothy Sackton: you're asking the wrong.
Timothy Sackton: person.
Timothy Sackton: find somebody who worships the gods if you would like to know what can bring them down.
Eric Rosenbaum: challenging and God is one thing, but stealing a resonant focus seems to be another.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that could be a goddess doing, although.
Timothy Sackton: I would be surprised if she could.
Timothy Sackton: enter this town enter the temp.
Timothy Sackton: Something and leave without being noticed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps it wasn't even stolen so much as freely given.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps it was itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: A sacrifice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bartered traded or something.
Timothy Sackton: All who.
Timothy Sackton: attempt to out with a gotta.
Timothy Sackton: end up losing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looks at well be like.
Mike Sackton: dealt with looks at well be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
Rev. David (he/him): I hear a description of playing dealing.
Rev. David (he/him): With playing dealing you make a good bargain up front.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is why we have them around.
Eric Rosenbaum: surrenders can you travel between planes.
Rev. David (he/him): In the form of playing dealing.
Timothy Sackton: not easily or well.
Timothy Sackton: There are some can.
Timothy Sackton: There are places in this world.
Timothy Sackton: Where.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror almost touches.
Eric Rosenbaum: You.
Timothy Sackton: And you can cross the Cross with little effort, I do know.
Some of those places.
Timothy Sackton: That have been to the wild.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there one near here.
Timothy Sackton: Not close.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm like secrets like shaking with excitement.
Timothy Sackton: But a wild is a.
Timothy Sackton: Strange place and not one I would willingly spend time in.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would love to learn more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of these things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am, but a dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: My family raised me beneath the mountains, but to travel someday to set foot in these other realms.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be the fulfillment of what i've been seeking perhaps or just a step in the journey.
Mike Sackton: careful what you wish for.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know dealt with you've traveled.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there are many things to seek.
Timothy Sackton: Does this something I could do, should you choose that.
Timothy Sackton: But I would urge.
Timothy Sackton: caution.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: China is not a short journey.
Rev. David (he/him): where's.
Timothy Sackton: The closest.
Timothy Sackton: Is north and east of here.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond ravens holds east of ravens whole nation say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Easter for close.
Timothy Sackton: close to the source.
Timothy Sackton: Of the.
Timothy Sackton: card Joe river, which is less.
Timothy Sackton: likely more like they're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not to the net.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now that we know that there's a physical location where there's an interest to another plane of existence.
Eric Rosenbaum: plane elevator.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why is everything right on the edge of that what is it that a river, what does that line that's going South from there to.
Timothy Sackton: deseret river.
Timothy Sackton: it's sort of dried up now.
Timothy Sackton: But it was once a major river of the donmar a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: river playing like fucking boundaries.
Mike Sackton: Over stakes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly and what's at the end chipotle point from that purple okay.
Timothy Sackton: The endless ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now yeah.
Mike Sackton: boy, is this the river that drag car was on his.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: We keep going on here we get to that you get to drink or.
Mike Sackton: Bad horrible marsh place we went to in high school where drink with a great Korean ruins where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not on this map.
Timothy Sackton: Here, be.
Eric Rosenbaum: dragons.
Timothy Sackton: This is just what while be now is probably doesn't know where I mean whenever he knows roughly where drink or is but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have a full map yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course he does.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't have it.
Timothy Sackton: But actually will meeting to update the map and I ran at a time this week, maybe for next time i'll do that.
Rev. David (he/him): We will look around to the rest of you and say.
Rev. David (he/him): To be clear, I am open to going to drink.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait go to the wild we can go to drink or but they're in different directions in a fundamental set.
Mike Sackton: ED ED ED both places that.
Mike Sackton: We should go.
Mike Sackton: What is a swamp full of plague that will probably kill us if we get within 100 miles and the other is a land of confusing creatures, who will make bargains with us that we will think are good and will end up killing us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean what.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you think you're in right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair fair point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's inside the House.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be will be will turn to the Center and say.
Rev. David (he/him): A.
Rev. David (he/him): Little another thing happened, which we ran into we ran into.
Rev. David (he/him): We met a storm giant who had been trapped for hundreds of years and.
Rev. David (he/him): I guess i'm i'm curious, for your advice, if a storm giant.
Rev. David (he/him): eyes have been stolen, and he asked you to get them back for them, what would you do.
Timothy Sackton: What would I do, or what would I recommend you do.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, now i'm going to say both.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To be a little more direct through andrus, this is the electrical storm that you were headed to investigate before we before you south.
Timothy Sackton: hmm at storm giant yeah.
imprisoned.
Timothy Sackton: have not been.
Timothy Sackton: Here, for many years in our.
Timothy Sackton: recollection anyway.
Timothy Sackton: interesting.
Timothy Sackton: But for me personally, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: The storm giants are have no concern of mine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you think the storm giants or any of the giants are somehow connected to what's happening right now.
Timothy Sackton: I mean everything is connected.
So giants.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they are not so different than fe in some ways.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: relics of an ancient age when magic was stronger.
Timothy Sackton: But connected.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes a storm on the plains, is just a storm on the plains.
Mike Sackton: wow.
Mike Sackton: If we ride East to investigate these works with have dollar we stay in guard the town.
Timothy Sackton: Until we know more about this.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever is happening here.
Timothy Sackton: We will stand guard the world from this town yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean by that.
Timothy Sackton: do not know if this.
Timothy Sackton: Silence could be growing.
Timothy Sackton: Is it, as you say, the absence of some.
Timothy Sackton: resonant artifact.
Timothy Sackton: That has quieted the land.
Timothy Sackton: If that were true, then perhaps are concerned we're not.
Timothy Sackton: touch upon this so strongly and we would write on to our next destination.
Timothy Sackton: Could this be some evil that could in fact challenge a God that could.
Timothy Sackton: Quiet the land that could that could spread.
Timothy Sackton: If that were the case, we would have to do something.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you're suggesting that that evil might be here now inside the temple.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know if I do not know what is.
Timothy Sackton: The source, I am saying until we know for sure there is not some evil some force here.
Timothy Sackton: That could spread from this town.
To.
Timothy Sackton: dampen the.
Timothy Sackton: Ancient song of the earth elsewhere, we will not leave.
Timothy Sackton: The earth the this.
Timothy Sackton: The song this reverberation.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it is.
Timothy Sackton: It is where we came from, it is our.
Timothy Sackton: It is our soul, so to speak, the earth breathes life to us.
Timothy Sackton: And it is our duty to protect that.
Timothy Sackton: You said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You said that you would stay until you learn more there is there a way in which you think is true can be can be as you, as you can be somehow and trying to unravel this truth.
Timothy Sackton: As find out what.
Timothy Sackton: The shocker and Miss dire hiding.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps through some combination of suggestion persuasion and illusion, we might distract.
Eric Rosenbaum: kendra and his company away long enough for one of us to enter into the temple itself and investigate.
Mike Sackton: don't not ready to confront them just yet.
Mike Sackton: or at least not in that way.
I think we can.
Mike Sackton: wow sneaking into the temple of the Miss add.
Mike Sackton: gonna be found out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it.
Rev. David (he/him): Is it sneaking if you're not invited.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that would be seen as like deeply offensive right.
Mike Sackton: Yes, you.
Timothy Sackton: I mean typically it's a place where outsiders are not you know the presence of outsiders makes it.
Timothy Sackton: You know breaks the sacrament of the temple and so.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: it's it's it's it seems very aggressive right it feels like an act of war, so to speak.
Mike Sackton: to break into their sacred temple and violate the sort of.
Eric Rosenbaum: But if they themselves if the priesthood is compromised we're just doing it for the good of everybody.
Mike Sackton: I didn't say it's nothing we would ever do I set up not quite ready for it yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a shame.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because we've seen how little of an obstacle a locked door can be to deal with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're well he's rubbing off on you clearly.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not the same kenzo.
Mike Sackton: I think we should.
Mike Sackton: I think we should ride East I really still think we should investigate what's the Carson.
Mike Sackton: Carson and the orcs and where are they coming from.
Mike Sackton: And then come back West, I think we should ride East with how.
Mike Sackton: To investigate the works and to investigate the ruins town that that work seem to have came from, and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps like a tunnel under the temple.
Mike Sackton: Now we need to, we need to know more before we.
Mike Sackton: I mean we could kick or we could confront Cardoso now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think confronting him directly with lead anywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's under the sway of something that has been persuaded that.
Eric Rosenbaum: He both has it under control and has to keep it secret from us completely that seems clear so far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did what did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is his name again that Center.
Timothy Sackton: or address.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or address What did he say when I asked him about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what he was doing to uncover the truth.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't say anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or but, but then, but then I was like or I said, like, how could we help and then he said, you can go and.
Timothy Sackton: And then, he said, if you find out what their the secret, that is, that would help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right right right right, which is what we should do by drilling through top down from the top of the Mesa as another option.
Mike Sackton: um so that they are a mystery cult of a god of magic i'm sure they have ways of telling when people drill into their Mesa.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was that's the case suppose that's the case.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only we knew the person that most recently fortified the front of the temple oh wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: We did that.
Rev. David (he/him): isn't there an option to like stay up all night and talk was shocking.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's the story, I was just telling we could try it again.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: We could try and stay up all night and talk to she could and then try and catch whatever shows up.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seemed to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Important that detail that something shows up there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was it.
Mike Sackton: While it was currently not chicken there's no way that as Sandra says a vision of a God will not be dismissed so easily.
Mike Sackton: What was the Bronze door liked him.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: It didn't say in the right up you gave me.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to remember it was it's hard to remember exact details like it seemed a little fuzzy almost like.
Timothy Sackton: It was like a big door kind of standing in the middle of.
Timothy Sackton: kind of almost like a desert expanse like empty space and the details of the actual door itself are not very clearly resolved.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then there were two voices in your dreams all right.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they were in conflict with each other, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, one of them could have been chicken or not.
Mike Sackton: wow one of them is the same voice that guided me out of the realm I was trapped.
Eric Rosenbaum: could reach a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dream well.
Mike Sackton: don't know where it was trapped.
Mike Sackton: As far as i'm concerned.
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't think you were in the.
Eric Rosenbaum: consults notes.
Eric Rosenbaum: shadow phil.
Mike Sackton: I don't think it was the shadow felt per se, but it could have been an echo of the shadow fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because there's just mirrors and yours yeah I love that.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I assume, like, I feel like and I dealt with would sort of an outfit sort of have a sense if they were directly in the wilds of the shadow file.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you weren't in the shadow but yes, it could easily be a reflection of the shadow fell for sure.
Mike Sackton: Presumably, I somehow learned shadow car.
Mike Sackton: In that experience right I didn't know it before I was trapped there.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: know you can't quite I mean, yes, you didn't know it when you were a child or.
Timothy Sackton: You know, in your life before you don't quite know exactly how you learned.
Timothy Sackton: It took you a little while to realize you even new a new language.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I think we're riding out into the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: Despite all my best efforts at the agree.
Mike Sackton: yeah I just.
Mike Sackton: here's the plan right we go, we ride fast with hellfires true.
Mike Sackton: East all the way to the ruin city and the orcs we try to figure out why are orcs nosing around us scouts and get out there to kill them all.
Mike Sackton: Then we go to the ruins city were dealt with appeared and we find out what mystical crap is going on there because it's not a normal place right, then we go back East stopping at the weird stone house.
Eric Rosenbaum: West.
Mike Sackton: We go back West stopping at the weird stone house and then at that point, hopefully, we know enough to confront agata.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm sure that's.
Mike Sackton: Bad I guess going to tell us enough that when we come back to town, we know enough to confront.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their address what do you think.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Heading East to investigating works is never a bad plan.
Timothy Sackton: been a.
Timothy Sackton: or cord.
Timothy Sackton: Out of the desert for some time, but.
Timothy Sackton: That does not mean there is not one forming now.
Timothy Sackton: arson, is a dangerous place.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: While people will love it.
Eric Rosenbaum: What kind of dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's south of the road it's not a place we go.
Timothy Sackton: It is hot dead, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: It was once one of the.
Timothy Sackton: Important centers have done of the done Mari nation, it was a.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a major.
Timothy Sackton: It was a major city fetches they build being mostly nomadic.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what do we know about the concept of hunting.
Timothy Sackton: I mean like you know undead or not like super uncommon mostly they're either some evil purpose somebody creates skeletons or something necromancer who's corrupted magic for horrible ends, or like souls so not all souls leave the world when they die.
Timothy Sackton: And mostly that's what people think of it's wanting is things that for what, whether because of violence or.
Timothy Sackton: Something some deed, they must do or.
Timothy Sackton: Something are sort of stuck on the world and don't go to the land of the dead to be collected by their gods or demons or devils or whoever is going to collect their soul.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Your plan does not seem overly foolish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a bit dangerous perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Timothy Sackton: Have Dr would appreciate the support he has been.
Timothy Sackton: He fought bravely.
Timothy Sackton: And many of us.
Timothy Sackton: lived only because of his.
Timothy Sackton: skill in battle i'm sorry will not speak ill of him.
Timothy Sackton: And yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yet I will find his.
Timothy Sackton: Mind runs along a clear track.
Timothy Sackton: And the spear in his hand.
Timothy Sackton: Is the solution to all his problems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But address what would you advise us how do you think we could best moved to unravel more of this mystery.
Timothy Sackton: My.
Timothy Sackton: My heart says.
Timothy Sackton: That of all of us here in Kerala now.
Timothy Sackton: You are the only ones who may be able to pierce the mystery.
Timothy Sackton: At the heart of the temple.
Timothy Sackton: At the heart of the shack couldn't miss die.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: My.
Timothy Sackton: rationally speaking.
Timothy Sackton: Writing East with half Dar.
Timothy Sackton: seems the.
Timothy Sackton: seems the course of action, most likely to avert the most immediate danger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is a gotta wear something else.
Timothy Sackton: If there are orcs coming across the river.
Timothy Sackton: A gotta will not be the biggest concern.
Mike Sackton: Is that you mentioned you're not sure about whether this.
Mike Sackton: Has this silence changed since you've been here.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: My thinking is that if it's if this is if if this silence that you are so concerned of is related to the collapse of the barrier of chicken and it, it must be.
Mike Sackton: can't see what else it, how it could not be.
Mike Sackton: it's been going on for some time.
Mike Sackton: The silence, we.
Mike Sackton: did not appear yesterday, or a week ago.
Mike Sackton: So if we come back in three weeks.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't feel like we'll have lost all of our opportunity to stop it.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, and that is.
Timothy Sackton: Why my rational mind sounds writing East is the wise choice.
Mike Sackton: But, so my rational mind is saying it's 1220 and I go to bed soon.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah same.
Rev. David (he/him): We have plan, though.
Mike Sackton: Do we were all on board with this plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: is exactly I was gonna go to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am so much more confused now.
Rev. David (he/him): The plan is right East and kill works.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: What could go wrong we're gonna go with a hothead done Mari troop of.
Mike Sackton: Soldiers like nothing more than just stick spears and things.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are the centaurs fight with.
Timothy Sackton: beers and swords and bows.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes by just charged people down with their host but mostly spears.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pilots that.
Eric Rosenbaum: they've got a whole crew.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and a couple.
Timothy Sackton: South of the road, I think they're reluctant to go.
Mike Sackton: Half there is 30 I mean I think we're half there's truth is probably fairly capable of the problem is just there's a troop of works that need to be hunted down if there's 1000 of them, then we're all going to die, but.
Right.
Mike Sackton: This is 1000 or X we run north to the portal to the other world.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, assuming and also.
Mike Sackton: see if we can rebuild our lives in the wild.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice nice Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, assuming that the orcs are still where they were last scene.
Mike Sackton: but also a wash thought that the noles might have been rooting around Carson or might have come south to that area and then from there.
Timothy Sackton: mm hmm.
Mike Sackton: So I think there's an.
Mike Sackton: I really want us to go back to where where I appeared I there's something that doesn't sit right with the mystery of how I got here.
i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm so much more come to us after this session.
Eric Rosenbaum: You do have a question ask on.
Eric Rosenbaum: What you a question, you can ask like what are you confused about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walking all of it now now it's like all right, so now there's like like portals so like these other dimensions, like the fei world and the whatever the shadow world thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can do that that was the case but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, but now we know that, like there's not there's like a physical location, we can actually travel to actually go in oh there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well that's awesome yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do what I don't know you know it's like the fucking cocoon miss die where we've been this whole fucking time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the the centaurs are like No, this is the spot, like this is like actually the main spot that's like the real big problem is right here yeah fucking place that we've like been.
Mike Sackton: Because a twist is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is the problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm thinking that yeah I like that.
Mike Sackton: Now, as a good twist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now it's like the fucking silence, you know, whatever like reverberations through fucking space, time is actually getting silenced here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When related to kendra and some story he doesn't want to tell us about right now, because he's really sad.
Rev. David (he/him): So we had just to sit in a slightly different I think I I always assumed that, like the silence or like the issues was jacuzzi were a effective some other cars, but thought here is that these are like part of the cause of all the effects that we've seen.
Eric Rosenbaum: frozen.
Mike Sackton: cogs rejoining unfrozen.
Timothy Sackton: hey i'm sorry keep asking questions you're gonna keep getting answers they won't always line up.
Mike Sackton: Sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My computer like mysteriously totally froze.
Mike Sackton: It it will see it.
Mike Sackton: I think i'm convinced that there's something going on, that the that the cocoon protection thing was in some sense powered by the miss the mysterious there's something about this temple that that was powering.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah of course me that.
Mike Sackton: And, and I think it went away because something bad happened to the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody stole the like magic antenna things.
Mike Sackton: yeah but the Center thought it was worse than somebody stealing the magic and tenant thing right like kendra says like I think there's some evil creature that has that's pretending to be shaken.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wasn't clear from your story that that was necessarily the case but that's interesting.
Mike Sackton: Well it's not clear for my story that but, but unless the evil creatures, the thing that gets dealt with his powers, which is also possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait.
Rev. David (he/him): Wait what.
Mike Sackton: hold all this that was magic.
Rev. David (he/him): Powers come from.
Mike Sackton: Now, I think.
Mike Sackton: Things what is almost certainly come from the creature that helped me get free of the ECHO realm of Chateau file that I was trapped it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there was a creature.
Mike Sackton: Why those the voice, the voice in my head don't you trust the voices in your head.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, as you can see Kong it's all becoming clear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is so like it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck.
Mike Sackton: voice in my head.
Mike Sackton: told the fake cocoon to go away and it went.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, I feel like but like this makes sense, my delicate so suspicious making deals with the dust mother, because he reads none of the terms and conditions before saying yes.
Rev. David (he/him): Like voice power sure fine.
Mike Sackton: It was more like the 5000 of time that I watched my entire army and friends all get slaughtered by how goblins you'd say yes, anybody who offered you a way out.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah but maybe it put you in that realm like Maybe it was not the way out of that thing, maybe that was running you through that simulation over and over so that you would get to the point of saying yes right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait.
Mike Sackton: promise me dealt with wasn't actually cursed to be evil.
Timothy Sackton: I did promise.
Mike Sackton: that the one thing I don't want to do is have my powers come from a super evil.
creature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait okay Okay, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just like Okay, so the other thing was kind of confusing to me is like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before there was like oh shit these like weird marotta ring knowles spreading and that's like kind of dangerous, but then we killed the demon Dudes and now it's like the nose seem to be like we kind of handled that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So now it's like what is the threat, now the threat seems to be the weird silent no reverberating thing, but from temple.
Mike Sackton: That was always the threat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was.
Mike Sackton: We just didn't know it, the weird silent reverberating thing for the temple is always the problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a lack of a protection that was keeping everything in Bay all along.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so, so I think that the there's something trying to do something and I don't know what it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm with you on that.
Mike Sackton: i'm with you on the category.
Mike Sackton: that's a great question so far.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: What if the either eat somehow it is created this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, somehow, something is trying to do something.
Rev. David (he/him): And something was created.
Mike Sackton: And it's done something to the temple right.
Mike Sackton: Now yeah I personal pet theory is that it that the thing is actually pretending to be strict goon I actually think that's probably wrong I just think that's that's my theory but I.
Mike Sackton: Think it's really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Evil right yeah.
Mike Sackton: But the only evidence I have, for that is that dealt with got a vision.
Mike Sackton: It should have been cocooned in the vision.
Mike Sackton: Right, but the shadow creature, whatever it is that Dell with that gives them with his powers told it to go away and it went away.
Mike Sackton: right that Clinton venture Kuhn, because the thing that gives my powers is not powerful enough to drive away a God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unless it is itself well the.
Rev. David (he/him): holdup is this, why is why the the.
Rev. David (he/him): way what's the what's the speaker's name again.
kendra.
Rev. David (he/him): Can dress it chase us off when we tried to make a direct connection to check in like.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah wait a minute did any.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's a little touchy about everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think he's like under a charm he's like.
Mike Sackton: I do like something's going on, and she Kuhn isn't really.
Mike Sackton: shown isn't really around in the sense that the mystere I have been in some key in some fashion corrupted by something yeah right so and I think I get those just screwing around on the edge causing trouble.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: she's, not even the prime cause of that.
Mike Sackton: she's not she's not the problem she's just like yes, now I can cause even more trouble.
Eric Rosenbaum: she's an opportunity opportunity.
Mike Sackton: That is a perfectly right like.
Rev. David (he/him): whoa oh interesting.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean to me this suggests, maybe we put some more pressure on speaker like.
Rev. David (he/him): I feel like he's been very slippery to this point.
Mike Sackton: He has been.
Mike Sackton: But I think we.
Mike Sackton: This is why I think we go and then come back.
Mike Sackton: I think we go out.
Mike Sackton: East see what we can find.
kernel.
Mike Sackton: And then, when we come back, we should know more.
Rev. David (he/him): You know another thought is the same way that I sent the bird into the hurricane, to see how far it was.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean, I could send a mouse into the Mesa.
Mike Sackton: True.
Now you're talking.
Mike Sackton: I just think we're gonna start a.
Mike Sackton: Confrontation right like if if if kendra says really been possessed by a.
Mike Sackton: scary thing and is actually worshipping scary thing instead of shaken and we like start poking around what's going to stop scary thing from just squishing us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think can dress is is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: themselves possessed right like i've been so excited this whole time and they're just like kind of sad and like oh some dramatic should happen then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's some story I won't tell you right now but i'll tell you like I think he's gonna tell us, at some point, like what the Fuck is going on, like a little bit more.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think he's tricked not possessed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay that's possible manipulated.
Mike Sackton: black man and he's manipulated right like.
Mike Sackton: I just don't think the vision dealt with God could have come from Chicago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck is the dream world have to do with all this.
Mike Sackton: I that I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because the dream world like he's got a fucking magic staff about like you know there's.
Mike Sackton: What is the staff do it what's them.
Mike Sackton: Do something with the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like some magic stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: I tried to look at it to the goggles and I failed.
Timothy Sackton: It sent cancer, to the dream world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah What did you see there.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a while ago now.
Timothy Sackton: This was a while ago, this is like 10 more than 10 sessions ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think I told the party about this TIM.
Mike Sackton: can spell it can.
Timothy Sackton: You sorry i'm gonna start filling your secrets.
Mike Sackton: Even spelling cat those secrets all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Night you have yeah you also, you also have revealed another thing that I did not tell the party about or just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: forgotten about.
Timothy Sackton: I keep an eye I have enough trouble keeping track of what none of you now.
Rev. David (he/him): there's.
Mike Sackton: The I saved my secret for an opportune reveal.
Mike Sackton: Although I told kensal about it a little bit earlier vaguely earlier.
yeah.
I forget now.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but I really do need to go to bed, but we.
Do we think we have a plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's the plan.
Timothy Sackton: I still so Okay, but before.
Timothy Sackton: Before you go for scheduling next time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Are we still still good for like.
Mike Sackton: Ah, the 19th is not good.
Rev. David (he/him): For me, it does not work for me a the.
Rev. David (he/him): 12th works or the 26 works, but the whole weekend of the 19th is out for me next.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: could not do the 12th, but I could do the 13th or 14th.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike Sackton: yeah well Dan is going to Florida to visit her now that she's been vaccinated and her parents have been vaccinated she's going to Florida to like see her parents.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wow that's great.
Mike Sackton: For the first time in a long time and, like her dad's not actually doing that well and she like is very anxious about seeing.
Mike Sackton: him so but me exactly aren't going, because it seems like to like just because of coven so.
Mike Sackton: yeah she's going she's leaving on the 13th but I don't want to game The night before she's.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: gone right like I want to spend that night with her so.
Mike Sackton: But she's not back to like that.
Mike Sackton: middle like so i'm i'm not doing anything I mean you guys might have plans on valentine's day but, but we could do the 15th.
Mike Sackton: Which is a holiday, but I could definitely do the 13th if that works for you guys.
Mike Sackton: Or we could do the 26.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: works for me.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, the 13th actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: working for me, but i'm not romantic so.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The 13th would definitely be better than the 14th for me, I would prefer, I mean if we can make.
Rev. David (he/him): You like being partnered with your spouse.
Timothy Sackton: If we can I mean I would prefer to.
Timothy Sackton: I think there's some.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I would yeah it would be nice to play sooner, rather than wait three weeks, in my opinion.
Rev. David (he/him): If we can all of the Friends again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly, it is a lot going on there's a lot of fucking shithole going on right now.
Timothy Sackton: We can squeeze in.
Timothy Sackton: If we can.
Rev. David (he/him): We narrowed it down that's somebody doing something.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it could be bad it might be bad my not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, good and evil or not what we think they are you there so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know yeah there's there's a one point in the campaign, where I took notes, like, I would like kind of write down a little bit and I stopped taking notes, at some point, and now i'm just like I like I really there's so many threads to what is going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I have some notes in the secret journal Doc if.
Timothy Sackton: there's always you can always go search I put all the transcripts up on the Google Doc Google drive, you can always search the transcripts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm definitely much more confused now than I was before I thought I kind of had an idea of like what we should be doing, but now i'm like really, really do not know what we should be doing.
Timothy Sackton: So are we are you.
Rev. David (he/him): A sensitive person works fine for me.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and so let's play that in.
Eric Rosenbaum: That array the 13th.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um and then just because that's only gives me a week to prepare, which is fine, but just to clarify your plan is.
Rev. David (he/him): ordering as we go.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I think our plan is to go.
Mike Sackton: East first see what's going on with the orcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: To after we break into the time.
Timothy Sackton: Just like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, as opposed to say going to toe crowd or chart in or.
Timothy Sackton: If you, if I can narrow it down to just Caroline Caroline east.
Timothy Sackton: that's fine but you're not planning on you know changing your mind and going to the lock in monastery or rushing off after.
Timothy Sackton: Hot cars eyes or.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it's fair to say that murdering as we go applies in whatever direction we're heading.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will say this, I think, on kenzo is going to or or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or or Congo is going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: work with him on understanding Kansas actual because I kensal like studied and fucking monastery for five years and, like understand some of culture about like rocket.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mysteries and shit, so I think i'm actually going to try to understand what kinds of actually understands and that that may.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I think kenzo is just like who the Fuck cares about orcs like we gotta fuckin figure out like what's going on with this metaphysical shedding thoughts for kenzo is right now so he's like kind of frustrated about like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know chasing around these ponds when there's like a different game being played.
Eric Rosenbaum: For my part, i'll work on 3D rendering visualizations of the multiverse that are actually complete.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That that pencil is like very much like yes, we need to understand that shit because, like it's like there's probably what's happening is like fucking jacuzzi and some gods that we don't fucking know about, or like having some kind of like like cosmic battle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we're like just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, like we're just seeing like the shadows of some fucking cosmic battle that's how.
Eric Rosenbaum: The reverberations.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what i'm saying and i'm like i'm like so part of part of like I think we're kenzo is it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You we got to go to like flicking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: chart in or the great library, or like some fucking place that can actually or somebody that can talk to us to like it's like so we can understand what the Fuck is going on, because if we can go chase around works, but it's like that's just going to be like you know us being like.
Mike Sackton: us plenty I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think.
Mike Sackton: The answers and.
Mike Sackton: I just i'm convinced.
Timothy Sackton: i'll make up everything.
Rev. David (he/him): That, I think that, like on this stuff on this stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it'd be really good to start off next session talking a little bit about like how are each of us like processing this because I like I think what you're just saying it's really interesting.
Rev. David (he/him): And more and more, I think, like well these attitude toward the demon is sort of like his attitude towards like seeing dolphins one time on sailing in the green seems like over there, like that's cool what comes next.
Rev. David (he/him): But like if you're really interested.
Rev. David (he/him): In our heads together like.
Rev. David (he/him): How are we processing this stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is currently I agree, I agree that that that sounds very good, because so anyways.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think like kenzo it ultimately may just go be down to go East because there's like he can't think of anything else, better to do and going to try and is really fucking fire right now so it's like we might learn some stuff going east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think he that's like his like what he thinks is ultimately going to help reveal the deeper mystery of like what the Fuck is happening right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just one other detail related to seekers spatial temporal mapping thinking is that if it's the case that these other planes have a kind of folding or warping of space.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, use them to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like wormholes basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes to go a super long before.
Mike Sackton: Yes, the algae.
Mike Sackton: That long ago.
Timothy Sackton: In fact that's how that's how I moved armies around in the Great War.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see, so what i'm going to charge and it might actually be faster to go well first.
Timothy Sackton: It might be actually a good it's.
Mike Sackton: easy to get lost.
Timothy Sackton: And you can accidentally years there when you meant to spend.
Mike Sackton: yeah you know.
Timothy Sackton: A week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In our old.
Rev. David (he/him): solution, though, because then we know the outcome of all this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In high school like how we used to fucking travel around like we were just like.
Mike Sackton: Oh, like we could just I could teleport.
Mike Sackton: just go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hellebore that's what it was.
Mike Sackton: yeah like we spent a long time wandering from place to place.
Timothy Sackton: I wasn't until like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know your your.
Timothy Sackton: Senior year.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, man, the first three years of the campaign basically doing a giant loop from what's now the play glands north to send bara further north to the.
Timothy Sackton: Hidden valley in the mountains across the mountains fighting about to evil guys around schmutz empire near Panda then sailing down the river when Cairo like burned up and Aaron started going mad.
Mike Sackton: What was the thing with the stone boat does anybody remember.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, yes, we had no materials to build a boat, so one of us has shaped stone.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah so we made a boatload of stone which.
Rev. David (he/him): I thought was absurd and I continue thing is a perfectly reasonable approach to making your boats.
Timothy Sackton: And just.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can make boats out of steel what's wrong with stone you just needs to be big enough to this place enough water to flow yeah higher had shaped stone he had all of those.
Mike Sackton: The reason you don't make both at a stone in the actual world is because stone isn't strong enough if you make it big enough so that it doesn't think.
Mike Sackton: Right it cracks cracks.
Timothy Sackton: But if U shaped it with stone it's fine.
Mike Sackton: I mean with magic it's.
Fine.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so you sell the stone boat, all the way down to charleston and it wasn't until you got to chart in.
Timothy Sackton: Right like three years into the campaign that ride learned how to teleport.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And didn't there was there, flying Castle we travel around with my fight or flight.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that was early on and actually I didn't even.
Mike Sackton: It wasn't even crashing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you crushed it wasn't even have to charge them that you learn teleporting because you wrote across.
Mike Sackton: done marvel is cloud right.
Timothy Sackton: And then, and you, and you are writing on like undead courses and then use you somehow managed to like plunge the country into civil war accidentally or possibly on purpose, because Aaron was a bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Early Aaron was like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well we're both bucket chaos like both like okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, I mean I think of well well bees and explore will be only wants to do new things.
Rev. David (he/him): Like well he's not interested in like putting the pieces together as much as like what's over there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: The other thing is, we went back in time right.
yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: After you, you went to you went to drink or and you found all these weird true magic artifacts.
Mike Sackton: magic right.
Mike Sackton: And then I started waving his hands in like whatever.
Mike Sackton: needed to happen happened.
Timothy Sackton: right but at that point also i'm Erin was a.
Timothy Sackton: was a God right.
Rev. David (he/him): that's right.
Well it's not bad.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah it may tend to have like a closed loop of causality.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Aaron was a God.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it was never really clear.
Mike Sackton: very clear but conceptually he, like went back in time and.
Mike Sackton: Created his own grace yes.
Rev. David (he/him): In in my recollection which which could be very much wrong went back in time and met the Scott forstall who, in the present was aaron's God.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, but in the past wasn't unfortunate was just like very favorably impressed and was like i'm going to pattern my life after you from here on out and making cuz you look cool.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't entirely clear if you became the God or if you just turned the god into the Ken Ken God somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So our current campaign is becoming as confusing as our old campaign.
Timothy Sackton: But this one's better plotted so does all the plot threads will come together at some point.
Timothy Sackton: we're still in the expanding plot phase, but I do have a plan for the collapsing plot phase.
Timothy Sackton: So this is not going to turn into the wheel of time.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're not railroading us you're like huberman steering us it's exactly.
Timothy Sackton: it's just the order in which you collapse, the plot threads is completely up to you, or you could just do nothing, and they would collapse, on their own, but not in ways that necessarily would be good.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): Really fun.
Mike Sackton: bye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you give me on three minutes i'm just gonna go.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: No problem.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna grab a drink of water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so dude now I need to like I need to like like I was actually spending time reading the the the dream stuff because now between you and me, because I know that, like fucking Dimitar is involved in this shit and somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rise fucking involved in secret, I didn't drop.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For that and it's funny like the like the jade um I feel stupid now because I wish I had asked fucking the storm giant about the jade which I totally forgot to do.
Timothy Sackton: which might have been, I would have been a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I, which you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I forgot about it, like Dave calm forgot about it, but I feel like kenzo probably would because, like he's like fucking like so like he wants to know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't mean like like that's kind of like what has what what led him to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking care one, the first place right because he was there to try to unravel and understand the secret right is jade right so like that was kind of like the core character reasoning I forgot about it, but I feel like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean also when you are.
Timothy Sackton: When you are, I mean kenza was like deeply concentrated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Trying to keep progress from going.
crazy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But my what kensal was trying to do was to establish a psychic link with.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To like actually like commune with him so that he could find them again, or like you know, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, talk to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And and.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As he develops his own you know kind of you know psychic powers further he can like kind of find him and like communicate with him and make who knows, maybe other fucking powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right so um so I don't know if it's if it's like fair to like read calm like a conversation with with ragnar about the jade i'm fine either way if you don't think that's that's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think.
Timothy Sackton: I you know.
Timothy Sackton: We can we can I prefer not to wreck on that I think there'll be plenty there's lots of opportunities to.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, for you to learn more about it going like I don't think we need to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay.
Timothy Sackton: Anything you learned from him, you could learn from other people coming up so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, on so anyways I was looking at this okay so so yeah order the awakened thing they'd known know the characters so let's say that again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then yeah and I definitely did not tell anybody else about the I actually I was the one that let that slip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even to to you know, let.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, to make it even more obvious to you too, but yeah they they i've not told I actually I think I told I actually haven't told anybody about the contents of the truth, the interaction I have with kendra is actually that like when he went like it sounds like very early in the session.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I was access yeah yeah yeah that was like that was I actually didn't I didn't tell anybody about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The fact that we, you know so so let's let's let's keep that one.
Timothy Sackton: I will not say anything yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, because part of it, I think I think i'm kenzo still has not like, I think, hence I was told.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with how.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think he showed dealt with the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You had like just to say that he's had dreams and I think everybody knows that that he's had dreams, but he hasn't like really like you know explained in detail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah anybody like like what kind of he's really been thinking about and now i'm like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know Dave Kong is like all right, I need to like revisit all that shit like much more seriously and like think connect all of that stuff with this, because the clearly it's all related so I was reading I was trying to look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the description of like that the dream of the interaction that 10 zone can dress I had.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mm hmm you pointed out in the Google Doc which is like confusing but also like all right so did he actually talked to rye did he is he the yeah so order of the wake and so anyways, so I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think now that we are aware that centaurs have like fucking dream sensitivity and stuff like that I think i've a gap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo is is is very interested to talk to to what the what's his name I keep missing missing of his name.
Timothy Sackton: Far android ios.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or android ios or android has to understand more of the relationship of like what the Fuck he's been dreaming about.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do it.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, presumably, you know later in the evening you know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah just like they go off to organize stuff and you kind of slip away and we'll pick.
Timothy Sackton: up my.
red.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dress I i'm glad you, you have made some additional time to speak with me, as I have some matters that I believe you will be interested in and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps some of what i've seen or what i've dreamed or what have experienced may somehow connect to the mysteries of this temple.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and there is much about you that I am curious about to be honest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before I begin, why, why would you why do you say that.
Timothy Sackton: There is a sense about.
Timothy Sackton: Forgive me if I am.
Timothy Sackton: overstepping my bounds but.
Timothy Sackton: I have.
Timothy Sackton: I have the feeling that you have something of a Center site.
Timothy Sackton: You can.
Timothy Sackton: perceive more than.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: More than is obvious to most people, you can see something of.
Timothy Sackton: The plane of souls made manifest.
Timothy Sackton: I would be.
Timothy Sackton: Quite curious to know how you learned to do this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if i've learned to do this at all, I think this is something that ever since I was young i've had visions of places that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seem to be my own memories, but I know they are not they feel like lived experiences, even though i've never been there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does this.
Timothy Sackton: odd.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But perhaps this is related to what you're describing I don't know if this is like a centaurs experience but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've had.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Numerous visions of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know towers alone and in the Sea of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't know exactly what the visions are right now TIM, but I I say them I say a few of them from my.
Timothy Sackton: there's a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think they're in my character sheet that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I have, I have a list of them, but I don't.
Timothy Sackton: i'll add i'll add a little a whole separate section to this so i'll just copy and paste and I have but.
Timothy Sackton: Look there's the let's see there's the.
Timothy Sackton: Talk green hell perfectly round with small white flowers.
Timothy Sackton: Growing on top of it, surrounded by desert there's the island there's.
Timothy Sackton: The vast expanse of for us few others.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so I share with him, you know some of these these images and then, what was the vision that I had right when I came to the town.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you were having dreams of of the Mesa itself.
Timothy Sackton: Right this temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rights right before before coming right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah before you came to the town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that's not why I came to the town right, I came to the town because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wanted to learn more about my dreams and my mentor at the lock in temple was like to go to can because he knows stuff about dreams.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I share all this with with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the Center.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you make of these visions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why am I experiencing these things, these visions.
Timothy Sackton: This is the only while you sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, is it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you've only ever had.
Timothy Sackton: Dreams while you're sleeping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only while asleep yes.
Timothy Sackton: As I told you and your companions earlier.
Timothy Sackton: We, it is sad among my people.
Timothy Sackton: That the dream world contains all pasts and all futures.
Timothy Sackton: Is it possible, you have some way of.
Timothy Sackton: accessing the dream world your subconscious reaching out to it somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo takes out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The piece of jed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've had this ever since I remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That this ever since I remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what this is.
Timothy Sackton: I I don't I mean it's a piece of jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you sense anything about it.
Timothy Sackton: May I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cancer keeps it wrapped around his neck, you can touch it from here if that's all right.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it's not.
Timothy Sackton: This is not something that is a.
Timothy Sackton: That is, in my.
Timothy Sackton: understanding there is.
Timothy Sackton: There is magic here, but not.
Timothy Sackton: Not our kind of magic.
Timothy Sackton: Is not the, this is not the power of.
Timothy Sackton: Of the earth, not the power of that moment of.
Timothy Sackton: Sun during this is something else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And TIM I just realized something about kenzo might have to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kensal might have to fucking use that mirror.
Timothy Sackton: That would be awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo might have to use the fucking mirror i'm like.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, my God be awesome if you did that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God oh my God yeah I think kinds of is actually going to go do that not like right the second so you can prepare and think a little bit about it.
Timothy Sackton: But wow remember it takes it takes a while to charge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right where's the mirror right now and it's charging cycle.
Timothy Sackton: You just used it last night because he used to it right before you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: came to Carol how long did it take to church.
Timothy Sackton: While you are traveling it took about a week but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a oh yeah but it's near the fucking temple right.
Timothy Sackton: Here the temple at might charge more quickly, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: It would be at least a few days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM kensal is going to do it he's got to do it he's got a fucking use the mirror on the on the on the piece of jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: That would be that's that's perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is gonna be fucking crazy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay Okay, but let's let's just continue with the sun, I mean Ted Kansas realizing this actually as he's talking to their address but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As as as he's looking at it he's realizing like wow I can, this is something i'm gonna have to do, and you start getting kind of anxious about it um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other thing to share with you about control I dub dub with is concerned that he's being manipulated I I sense in him, I don't know if you sense, the same thing when you when you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: met him, but he seems scared he seems he seems frightened he seems that it seems as though there was a genuine tragedy that Bethel the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think he will reveal it to us he he didn't want to share today, but I think I think he will, I think he will there's I think his reasons for not fully sharing his understanding of what occurred is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A reason of manipulation or reason of of deception, but one truly of sadness and almost mourning and grieving and I think I think in time, maybe even soon he'll he'll reveal what he knows, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think he is himself acting from a place of malice, so I think this is my observation of him from what i've seen I don't know if you agree with that, reading.
Timothy Sackton: I think you're.
Timothy Sackton: I think your observations of people are.
Timothy Sackton: wise.
Timothy Sackton: I have not.
Timothy Sackton: I have not sent malice from him myself.
Timothy Sackton: But rather loss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, I had the same.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The same.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you think that hill my sense is that he will there's nothing stopping him from sharing the source of his loss, other than perhaps an overpowering sense of grief and sadness not not a desire to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah to deceive or manipulate I think I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could be wrong.
Timothy Sackton: But I think there are.
Timothy Sackton: aspects of this, I do not understand there are.
Timothy Sackton: concerns of human religions that are.
Timothy Sackton: beyond me that seemed to be stopping him there is some.
Timothy Sackton: Fear or.
Timothy Sackton: Uncertainty or.
Timothy Sackton: question and, as my in about.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't.
Timothy Sackton: This these gods you worship is.
Timothy Sackton: The strictures of these religions, they.
Timothy Sackton: They bind people to them and I, it is beyond my experience, but he seems to.
Timothy Sackton: be devoted to his yeah oh.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, let me, let us return to dreams, then, can dress I had a staff staff that enabled a connection to the dream world have you seen it, are you aware of this.
Timothy Sackton: That is part of.
Timothy Sackton: What we were hoping to.
Timothy Sackton: get out of this journey, not of course the staff itself, but some experience with such a relic this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An.
Timothy Sackton: artifact of great power and.
Timothy Sackton: could be.
Timothy Sackton: Even.
Timothy Sackton: Even a brief moment with this.
Timothy Sackton: Even a short experience could be.
Timothy Sackton: A great.
Timothy Sackton: boon for our people, it could be.
Timothy Sackton: The understanding it could bring would be.
Timothy Sackton: very valuable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you not asked kendra so to commune with it.
Timothy Sackton: I argued for such an approach, yes.
Timothy Sackton: The omen seeker the omen car of our tribe warned against that.
Timothy Sackton: Saying.
Timothy Sackton: The curse lay upon kendra's the.
Timothy Sackton: And don't mistake me curse not meaning an evil presence, but this.
Timothy Sackton: Last this absence.
Timothy Sackton: And well it lay upon him.
Timothy Sackton: His actions were tainted his his control was tainted and it would not be wise for us to approach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I had an experience with this stuff when I first arrived in this town not soon not soon after I arrived.
You did.
Timothy Sackton: I did i'd be very curious to hear that story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I explained to I explained to the sundar what I what I experienced, not unlike excruciating excruciating detail, but you know kind of the broad strokes of a lot of what I experienced.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like i'd like I leave out some some details.
Timothy Sackton: Right right right.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds like he was somehow able to transport you.
Timothy Sackton: directly to the dream world itself.
Timothy Sackton: This is not an easy thing to do, as it is not a.
Timothy Sackton: There is no straight path there from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But without stocks.
Timothy Sackton: That indeed is an artifact of great power if that isn't is what it could do.
Timothy Sackton: That makes me.
Timothy Sackton: nervous.
Why.
Timothy Sackton: The nose behavior was not.
Timothy Sackton: Typical.
Timothy Sackton: Why would they besieged a town that had hardly anybody left to kill, why not follow the refugees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There after the staff.
Timothy Sackton: If somebody was if something was after the staff.
Timothy Sackton: an army of nose would be the perfect thing to take it, they care nothing of treasure.
Timothy Sackton: They care nothing of gold.
Timothy Sackton: jewels.
Timothy Sackton: They just want to kill any and move on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: somebody wants to get into the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Something wants to get into the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why.
Timothy Sackton: That would be my question as well.
Timothy Sackton: But if that's the case that's even more reason that.
Timothy Sackton: We will remain here until we know more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These visions that I had when I was young.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was I accessing the dream world was, I still somehow in this plane, but seeing glimpses of it, what do you think was happening to me.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know for sure.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Dreams like that dream this.
Timothy Sackton: Not seemingly have our own mind.
Timothy Sackton: Those are.
Timothy Sackton: set by my people anyway.
Timothy Sackton: To be messages from the dream world to be well messages the wrong word it's.
Timothy Sackton: Some of these concepts are hard to communicate and.
Timothy Sackton: Without.
Timothy Sackton: The words of my native tongue there they're.
Timothy Sackton: invasions not quite the right word either their intrusions there.
Timothy Sackton: If you are.
Timothy Sackton: If you are sensitive, if you are if your mind is open.
Timothy Sackton: To this to these other places.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: which it may be, from what you've described.
Timothy Sackton: Then, as you are dreaming, as you are sleeping.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: dre energy from.
Timothy Sackton: These echoes the the sounds the end he puts his hand on the ground again the reverberations the the cords that the.
Timothy Sackton: The vibrations in the mirrors and the reflections make can.
Timothy Sackton: reach out and.
Timothy Sackton: find a receptive mind.
Timothy Sackton: or sometimes find.
Timothy Sackton: You know a thing that can channel that channel those reverberations.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps the staff.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I wonder how much of it is is me versus the staff or this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of.
Timothy Sackton: This this artifact you carry this is.
Timothy Sackton: This is strange to me, this is a.
Timothy Sackton: From all I can perceive this is not a.
Timothy Sackton: portal to the dream world, this is something else, this is.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what.
Timothy Sackton: This is not magic of the.
Timothy Sackton: echoes and reflections of the world, this is.
Timothy Sackton: magic from.
Timothy Sackton: Something else from.
Timothy Sackton: your friends seeker was discussing the.
Timothy Sackton: plane of magic itself and the.
Timothy Sackton: way he uses the energy of that plane, the way he.
Timothy Sackton: manipulates the resonances the intrusions of that plane into this to to create magical effects.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps this is of that nature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm TIM met again but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I met with kendra So the first time I talked to him about this piece of jade right What did he say what did you think it was.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Trying to remember, so you mean when he sent you to the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, because I, when we met you know when we had we did like a little side role play, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cuz I was talking to him about like my dreams and because this this description we kind of role played it right.
Timothy Sackton: Or it was it all just yes, this was like my notes, but we actually will play it so this isn't the fall.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that's just like my notes of what like what I had written out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right so anyways.
Timothy Sackton: I thought it was more to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah he cuz I was basically I told him why I was there I was like I told him I was having these dreams, I told him I had something to do with the piece of jade.
Timothy Sackton: So he had been having dreams of this open hand.
Timothy Sackton: Right, with a piece missing from matt.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: And he somehow thought the jade was connected to that was somehow.
Timothy Sackton: Right, he thought it was had some power in the dream world that was what kendra stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, with some key it was some way to unlock whatever the mystery of the stream was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and all right, and now just Kansas backstory went how did he get this piece of jade again.
Timothy Sackton: he's always had it from his parents, maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from his parents.
Timothy Sackton: it's like the one thing that he has left from his his birth parent like his actual parents not.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he he was like running on the streets for a while, but then he he sort of moved in with Kai so who has his mentor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But right and.
Timothy Sackton: So for that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you remember about his parents again.
Timothy Sackton: pretty much nothing they died before he was five I mean vague memories of.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: His mother's laugh or something like they're not he doesn't know anything about I mean he knows, they worked on Bari.
Timothy Sackton: Over those they they immigrated to chart and.
Timothy Sackton: They were like Leather Workers they weren't anybody particularly special but they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh huh.
Timothy Sackton: But he doesn't know really anything else about them like who they were even who they are, what their names were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: affair, and they weed is also says know how they died.
Timothy Sackton: Have like vague memories of of just sort of normal illness not anything weird I mean there's no I mean poor people in charted die right it's just like.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: There was nothing there's no I mean there's just the normal trauma of your parents dying, not some like strange magical attack or somewhere I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Read OK OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK, and then and then how cancer has been having these dreams, since one.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, since he was a kid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and has have there been an hour they recurring dreams, or they like.
Timothy Sackton: Many of them are occurring so like the island occurs all the time, the.
Timothy Sackton: The vast endless expansive forest the.
Timothy Sackton: lush forest with leaves turning golden surrounded by high peaks.
Timothy Sackton: like the ones that are kind of have the most significance.
Timothy Sackton: Like those three in particular recur frequently others may be, are a bit less the stone boat actually one of the dreams is the stone boat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has he had any dreams recently.
Timothy Sackton: Though nonsense, the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: division of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: So the most recent dream was the was a new one, was the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, the Dimitar dream.
Timothy Sackton: That Dimitar dream.
Timothy Sackton: He has been having the MIT yes was having the Mesa dreams for a while until he got.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: there's been a few sort of scattered dream since arriving to Kara but not.
Timothy Sackton: I mean when you were a kid right when kenza was growing up you'd have this would happen, you know.
Timothy Sackton: A few times a year right right they were not frequent dreams, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has kenzo ever dreamed does he have any power in the dream is you just passive observer of things we can you do.
Timothy Sackton: See the only time you've ever had power and the dreams, is when kendra sent her to the dream world.
OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK and that's when I had this interaction with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A road figure out a hand or jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK OK OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK, so one final thing one final role play with with the Center.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so I have another question for you one other question for you, I mentioned this in my dream, but the order of the awakened soul, what is this have you heard of this.
Timothy Sackton: I have.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting you should mention them, for they also have something.
Timothy Sackton: Something of a Center site.
Timothy Sackton: Some ability to perceive these.
Timothy Sackton: echoes the perceived.
Timothy Sackton: The reflection of the plane of souls imposed upon this world that collects around consciousness.
Timothy Sackton: We talked to them only infrequently, for they travel much and mostly south of the road.
But.
Timothy Sackton: My tribe has over the long years passed through the northern part of the blasted plane.
Timothy Sackton: Multiple times.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Out there.
Timothy Sackton: In the.
Timothy Sackton: Harsh expanse beyond the protection of Chicago which seems no longer to be there.
Timothy Sackton: There are storytellers there are people who.
Timothy Sackton: collect the last histories of the donmar a.
Timothy Sackton: and carbon solve the order of the awakened soul.
Timothy Sackton: there's a rumor that says they have somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: By hidden monastery or or storeroom.
Timothy Sackton: With the tales of all the people.
Timothy Sackton: That have lived and died on this land.
Timothy Sackton: Whether that is the truth or a rumor I cannot say.
Timothy Sackton: But they.
Timothy Sackton: They travel.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes.
Timothy Sackton: Coming West coming to.
Timothy Sackton: This populated parts of Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: But other times I gather seeking.
Timothy Sackton: Last grave seeking.
Timothy Sackton: The echoes of memories of the people who died.
Timothy Sackton: They have asked us many times to.
Timothy Sackton: Note if we pass.
Timothy Sackton: marked or unmarked.
Timothy Sackton: Grave sites, the ruins the pits have done Murray history that may not have been told before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they human.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, they are human they are, they are done Mari.
Timothy Sackton: Not all are.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: seeing some strange things.
Timothy Sackton: i've seen them.
Timothy Sackton: step.
Timothy Sackton: take steps in which they disappear and reappear 30 4050 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: i've seen them.
Timothy Sackton: fly off cliffs and land on their feet.
Timothy Sackton: On damaged.
Timothy Sackton: I have seen them.
Timothy Sackton: lash out with.
Timothy Sackton: Seemingly the force of.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what.
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of energy resonant within the.
Timothy Sackton: World itself.
Timothy Sackton: And so, like down our enemies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When this starts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: i've also heard stories of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like is he reacts like he literally starts he starts manipulating.
Timothy Sackton: he's like.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: Not unskilled yourself, it seems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the end, you know he likes starts, you know he starts to.
Whatever yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So apparently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can dresses connected me to the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And through this vision, an omen, to find an order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That clearly is connected to my own power.
Through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can I find them.
Timothy Sackton: That is a good question.
Timothy Sackton: They.
Timothy Sackton: tend to find us, but if you are seeking them.
Timothy Sackton: I would head east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: East.
Timothy Sackton: bay.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes I have heard.
Timothy Sackton: They travel as birds in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How did they change, how did they change can you change form.
Timothy Sackton: such as the rumor.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe possible there are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 when he says that that they travel as birds this this kensal feel anything.